Installed Packages
Box2D.x86_64                                         2.4.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
GConf2.x86_64                                        3.2.6-41.fc40                       @fedora                                        
ImageMagick.x86_64                                   1:7.1.1.38-1.fc40                   @updates                                       
ImageMagick-libs.x86_64                              1:7.1.1.38-1.fc40                   @updates                                       
LibRaw.x86_64                                        0.21.3-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
ModemManager.x86_64                                  1.22.0-3.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
ModemManager-glib.x86_64                             1.22.0-3.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
NetworkManager.x86_64                                1:1.46.2-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
NetworkManager-adsl.x86_64                           1:1.46.2-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
NetworkManager-bluetooth.x86_64                      1:1.46.2-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
NetworkManager-config-connectivity-fedora.noarch     1:1.46.2-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
NetworkManager-libnm.x86_64                          1:1.46.2-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
NetworkManager-openconnect.x86_64                    1.2.10-5.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
NetworkManager-openconnect-gnome.x86_64              1.2.10-5.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
NetworkManager-openvpn.x86_64                        1:1.12.0-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
NetworkManager-openvpn-gnome.x86_64                  1:1.12.0-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
NetworkManager-ppp.x86_64                            1:1.46.2-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
NetworkManager-pptp.x86_64                           1:1.2.12-6.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
NetworkManager-pptp-gnome.x86_64                     1:1.2.12-6.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
NetworkManager-ssh.x86_64                            1.2.13-1.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
NetworkManager-ssh-gnome.x86_64                      1.2.13-1.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
NetworkManager-team.x86_64                           1:1.46.2-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
NetworkManager-vpnc.x86_64                           1:1.2.8-7.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
NetworkManager-vpnc-gnome.x86_64                     1:1.2.8-7.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
NetworkManager-wifi.x86_64                           1:1.46.2-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
NetworkManager-wwan.x86_64                           1:1.46.2-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
PackageKit.x86_64                                    1.2.8-5.fc40                        @updates                                       
PackageKit-command-not-found.x86_64                  1.2.8-5.fc40                        @updates                                       
PackageKit-glib.x86_64                               1.2.8-5.fc40                        @updates                                       
PackageKit-gstreamer-plugin.x86_64                   1.2.8-5.fc40                        @updates                                       
PackageKit-gtk3-module.x86_64                        1.2.8-5.fc40                        @updates                                       
SDL2.x86_64                                          2.30.3-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
SDL2_image.x86_64                                    2.8.2-4.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
SDL_image.x86_64                                     1.2.12-37.fc40                      @fedora                                        
WoeUSB.x86_64                                        5.2.4-7.fc40                        @fedora                                        
aajohan-comfortaa-fonts.noarch                       3.105-0.4.20210729git2a87ac6.fc40   @updates                                       
aalib-libs.x86_64                                    1.4.0-0.50.rc5.fc40                 @fedora                                        
aardvark-dns.x86_64                                  2:1.12.2-2.fc40                     @updates                                       
abattis-cantarell-fonts.noarch                       0.301-12.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
abattis-cantarell-vf-fonts.noarch                    0.301-12.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
abrt.x86_64                                          2.17.6-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
abrt-addon-ccpp.x86_64                               2.17.6-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
abrt-addon-kerneloops.x86_64                         2.17.6-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
abrt-addon-pstoreoops.x86_64                         2.17.6-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
abrt-addon-vmcore.x86_64                             2.17.6-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
abrt-addon-xorg.x86_64                               2.17.6-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
abrt-cli.x86_64                                      2.17.6-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
abrt-dbus.x86_64                                     2.17.6-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
abrt-desktop.x86_64                                  2.17.6-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
abrt-gui.x86_64                                      2.17.6-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
abrt-gui-libs.x86_64                                 2.17.6-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
abrt-java-connector.x86_64                           1.3.2-6.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
abrt-libs.x86_64                                     2.17.6-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
abrt-plugin-bodhi.x86_64                             2.17.6-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
abrt-tui.noarch                                      2.17.6-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
abseil-cpp.x86_64                                    20240116.2-1.fc40                   @updates                                       
accountsservice.x86_64                               23.13.9-4.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
accountsservice-libs.x86_64                          23.13.9-4.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
acl.x86_64                                           2.3.2-1.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
acpid.x86_64                                         2.0.34-10.fc40                      @updates                                       
adobe-mappings-cmap.noarch                           20230622-3.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
adobe-mappings-cmap-deprecated.noarch                20230622-3.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
adobe-mappings-pdf.noarch                            20190401-7.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
adobe-source-code-pro-fonts.noarch                   2.042.1.062.1.026-4.fc40            @anaconda                                      
adwaita-cursor-theme.noarch                          46.2-2.fc40                         @updates                                       
adwaita-gtk2-theme.x86_64                            3.28-19.fc40                        @fedora                                        
adwaita-icon-theme.noarch                            46.2-2.fc40                         @updates                                       
adwaita-icon-theme-legacy.noarch                     46.2-1.fc40                         @updates                                       
akmod-nvidia.x86_64                                  3:560.35.03-1.fc40                  @rpmfusion-nonfree-updates                     
akmods.noarch                                        0.5.8-8.fc40                        @fedora                                        
alacritty.x86_64                                     0.13.2-2.fc40                       @updates                                       
alsa-lib.x86_64                                      1.2.12-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
alsa-sof-firmware.noarch                             2024.06-1.fc40                      @updates                                       
alsa-ucm.noarch                                      1.2.12-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
alsa-utils.x86_64                                    1.2.12-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
alternatives.x86_64                                  1.27-1.fc40                         @updates                                       
amd-gpu-firmware.noarch                              20240909-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
amd-ucode-firmware.noarch                            20240909-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
anaconda.x86_64                                      40.22.3-1.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
anaconda-core.x86_64                                 40.22.3-1.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
anaconda-gui.x86_64                                  40.22.3-1.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
anaconda-install-env-deps.x86_64                     40.22.3-1.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
anaconda-live.noarch                                 40.22.3-1.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
anaconda-tui.x86_64                                  40.22.3-1.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
anaconda-widgets.x86_64                              40.22.3-1.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
annobin-docs.noarch                                  12.60-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
annobin-plugin-gcc.x86_64                            12.60-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
ansible-srpm-macros.noarch                           1-14.fc40                           @fedora                                        
anthy-unicode.x86_64                                 1.0.0.20240502-8.fc40               @updates                                       
antiword.x86_64                                      0.37-38.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
appstream.x86_64                                     1.0.2-2.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
appstream-data.noarch                                40-8.fc40                           @updates                                       
apr.x86_64                                           1.7.5-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
apr-util.x86_64                                      1.6.3-16.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
apr-util-lmdb.x86_64                                 1.6.3-16.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
apr-util-openssl.x86_64                              1.6.3-16.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
aspnetcore-runtime-6.0.x86_64                        6.0.33-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
aspnetcore-runtime-8.0.x86_64                        8.0.8-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
aspnetcore-targeting-pack-6.0.x86_64                 6.0.33-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
aspnetcore-targeting-pack-8.0.x86_64                 8.0.8-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
at-spi2-atk.x86_64                                   2.52.0-1.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
at-spi2-core.x86_64                                  2.52.0-1.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
atheros-firmware.noarch                              20240909-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
atk.x86_64                                           2.52.0-1.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
atkmm.x86_64                                         2.28.4-1.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
attr.x86_64                                          2.5.2-3.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
audit.x86_64                                         4.0.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
audit-libs.x86_64                                    4.0.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
audit-rules.x86_64                                   4.0.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
augeas-libs.x86_64                                   1.14.2-0.1.20240903git2de06e0.fc40  @updates                                       
authselect.x86_64                                    1.5.0-5.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
authselect-libs.x86_64                               1.5.0-5.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
autocorr-en.noarch                                   1:24.2.6.2-1.fc40                   @updates                                       
avahi.x86_64                                         0.8-26.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
avahi-glib.x86_64                                    0.8-26.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
avahi-gobject.x86_64                                 0.8-26.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
avahi-libs.x86_64                                    0.8-26.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
avahi-tools.x86_64                                   0.8-26.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
avif-pixbuf-loader.x86_64                            1.0.4-3.fc40                        @updates                                       
b43-fwcutter.x86_64                                  019-36.fc40                         @updates                                       
b43-openfwwf.noarch                                  5.2-33.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
baobab.x86_64                                        46.0-1.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
basesystem.noarch                                    11-20.fc40                          @anaconda                                      
bash.x86_64                                          5.2.26-3.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
bash-color-prompt.noarch                             0.4.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
bash-completion.noarch                               1:2.11-14.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
bc.x86_64                                            1.07.1-21.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
bind-libs.x86_64                                     32:9.18.28-2.fc40                   @updates                                       
bind-utils.x86_64                                    32:9.18.28-2.fc40                   @updates                                       
binutils.x86_64                                      2.41-37.fc40                        @updates                                       
binutils-gold.x86_64                                 2.41-37.fc40                        @updates                                       
bison.x86_64                                         3.8.2-7.fc40                        @fedora                                        
blivet-data.noarch                                   1:3.10.0-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
blivet-gui-runtime.noarch                            2.5.0-1.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
bluez.x86_64                                         5.78-1.fc40                         @updates                                       
bluez-cups.x86_64                                    5.78-1.fc40                         @updates                                       
bluez-libs.x86_64                                    5.78-1.fc40                         @updates                                       
bluez-obexd.x86_64                                   5.78-1.fc40                         @updates                                       
bolt.x86_64                                          0.9.8-2.fc40                        @updates                                       
boost-chrono.x86_64                                  1.83.0-5.fc40                       @updates                                       
boost-date-time.x86_64                               1.83.0-5.fc40                       @updates                                       
boost-iostreams.x86_64                               1.83.0-5.fc40                       @updates                                       
boost-locale.x86_64                                  1.83.0-5.fc40                       @updates                                       
boost-regex.x86_64                                   1.83.0-5.fc40                       @updates                                       
boost-system.x86_64                                  1.83.0-5.fc40                       @updates                                       
boost-thread.x86_64                                  1.83.0-5.fc40                       @updates                                       
botan2.x86_64                                        2.19.5-3.fc40                       @updates                                       
braille-printer-app.x86_64                           1:2.0~b0^386eea385f-6.fc40          @anaconda                                      
brasero-libs.x86_64                                  3.12.3-8.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
brcmfmac-firmware.noarch                             20240909-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
brlapi.x86_64                                        0.8.5-13.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
brltty.x86_64                                        6.6-13.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
btrfs-progs.x86_64                                   6.11-1.fc40                         @updates                                       
bubblewrap.x86_64                                    0.10.0-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
bzip2.x86_64                                         1.0.8-18.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
bzip2-libs.x86_64                                    1.0.8-18.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
c-ares.x86_64                                        1.28.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
ca-certificates.noarch                               2023.2.62_v7.0.401-6.fc40           @anaconda                                      
caca-utils.x86_64                                    0.99-0.73.beta20.fc40               @fedora                                        
cairo.x86_64                                         1.18.0-3.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
cairo-gobject.x86_64                                 1.18.0-3.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
cairomm.x86_64                                       1.14.5-3.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
cairomm1.16.x86_64                                   1.18.0-3.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
capstone.x86_64                                      5.0.1-3.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
cargo.x86_64                                         1.81.0-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
catatonit.x86_64                                     0.1.7-22.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
catimg.x86_64                                        2.7.0-11.fc40                       @fedora                                        
cdparanoia-libs.x86_64                               10.2-44.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
checkpolicy.x86_64                                   3.6-3.fc40                          @anaconda                                      
chkconfig.x86_64                                     1.27-1.fc40                         @updates                                       
chrony.x86_64                                        4.6-1.fc40                          @updates                                       
cifs-utils.x86_64                                    7.0-5.fc40                          @updates                                       
cifs-utils-info.x86_64                               7.0-5.fc40                          @updates                                       
cirrus-audio-firmware.noarch                         20240909-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
cjson.x86_64                                         1.7.17-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
cldr-emoji-annotation.noarch                         1:45-4.fc40                         @updates                                       
cldr-emoji-annotation-dtd.noarch                     1:45-4.fc40                         @updates                                       
clucene-contribs-lib.x86_64                          2.3.3.4-48.20130812.e8e3d20git.fc40 @anaconda                                      
clucene-core.x86_64                                  2.3.3.4-48.20130812.e8e3d20git.fc40 @anaconda                                      
cmake-filesystem.x86_64                              3.28.2-1.fc40                       @fedora                                        
code.x86_64                                          1.93.1-1726079369.el8               @code                                          
codec2.x86_64                                        1.2.0-4.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
color-filesystem.noarch                              1-33.fc40                           @anaconda                                      
colord.x86_64                                        1.4.7-3.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
colord-gtk4.x86_64                                   0.3.1-1.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
colord-libs.x86_64                                   1.4.7-3.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
compat-lua-libs.x86_64                               5.1.5-25.fc40                       @fedora                                        
composefs.x86_64                                     1.0.3-1.fc40                        @fedora                                        
composefs-libs.x86_64                                1.0.3-1.fc40                        @fedora                                        
compsize.x86_64                                      1.5-8.fc40                          @anaconda                                      
conmon.x86_64                                        2:2.1.12-2.fc40                     @updates                                       
container-selinux.noarch                             2:2.233.0-1.fc40                    @updates                                       
containerd.io.x86_64                                 1.7.22-3.1.fc40                     @docker-ce-stable                              
containers-common.noarch                             5:0.60.1-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
containers-common-extra.noarch                       5:0.60.1-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
copy-jdk-configs.noarch                              4.1-5.fc40                          @anaconda                                      
coreutils.x86_64                                     9.4-7.fc40                          @updates                                       
coreutils-common.x86_64                              9.4-7.fc40                          @updates                                       
cpio.x86_64                                          2.15-1.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
cpp.x86_64                                           14.2.1-3.fc40                       @updates                                       
cracklib.x86_64                                      2.9.11-5.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
cracklib-dicts.x86_64                                2.9.11-5.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
criu.x86_64                                          3.19-4.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
criu-libs.x86_64                                     3.19-4.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
crun.x86_64                                          1.17-1.fc40                         @updates                                       
crypto-policies.noarch                               20240725-1.git28d3e2d.fc40          @updates                                       
crypto-policies-scripts.noarch                       20240725-1.git28d3e2d.fc40          @updates                                       
cryptsetup.x86_64                                    2.7.5-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
cryptsetup-libs.x86_64                               2.7.5-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
ctags.x86_64                                         6.0.0-5.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
cups.x86_64                                          1:2.4.10-6.fc40                     @updates                                       
cups-browsed.x86_64                                  1:2.0.1-1.fc40                      @updates                                       
cups-client.x86_64                                   1:2.4.10-6.fc40                     @updates                                       
cups-filesystem.noarch                               1:2.4.10-6.fc40                     @updates                                       
cups-filters.x86_64                                  1:2.0.1-1.fc40                      @updates                                       
cups-filters-driverless.x86_64                       1:2.0.1-1.fc40                      @updates                                       
cups-ipptool.x86_64                                  1:2.4.10-6.fc40                     @updates                                       
cups-libs.x86_64                                     1:2.4.10-6.fc40                     @updates                                       
cups-pk-helper.x86_64                                0.2.7-7.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
curl.x86_64                                          8.6.0-10.fc40                       @updates                                       
cxl-libs.x86_64                                      79-1.fc40                           @updates                                       
cyrus-sasl.x86_64                                    2.1.28-19.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
cyrus-sasl-gssapi.x86_64                             2.1.28-19.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
cyrus-sasl-lib.x86_64                                2.1.28-19.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
cyrus-sasl-plain.x86_64                              2.1.28-19.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
daala-libs.x86_64                                    0-27.20200724git694d4ce.fc40        @fedora                                        
daxctl-libs.x86_64                                   79-1.fc40                           @updates                                       
dbeaver-ce.x86_64                                    24.1.5-stable                       @@commandline                                  
dbus.x86_64                                          1:1.14.10-3.fc40                    @anaconda                                      
dbus-broker.x86_64                                   36-2.fc40                           @updates                                       
dbus-common.noarch                                   1:1.14.10-3.fc40                    @anaconda                                      
dbus-daemon.x86_64                                   1:1.14.10-3.fc40                    @anaconda                                      
dbus-glib.x86_64                                     0.112-8.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
dbus-libs.x86_64                                     1:1.14.10-3.fc40                    @anaconda                                      
dbus-tools.x86_64                                    1:1.14.10-3.fc40                    @anaconda                                      
dbus-x11.x86_64                                      1:1.14.10-3.fc40                    @anaconda                                      
dconf.x86_64                                         0.40.0-12.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
debugedit.x86_64                                     5.0-14.fc40                         @fedora                                        
default-editor.noarch                                7.2-7.fc40                          @updates                                       
default-fonts-am.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                       
default-fonts-ar.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                       
default-fonts-as.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                       
default-fonts-ast.noarch                             4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                       
default-fonts-be.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                       
default-fonts-bg.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                       
default-fonts-bn.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                       
default-fonts-bo.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                       
default-fonts-br.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                       
default-fonts-chr.noarch                             4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                       
default-fonts-cjk-mono.noarch                        4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                       
default-fonts-cjk-sans.noarch                        4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                       
default-fonts-cjk-serif.noarch                       4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                       
default-fonts-core-emoji.noarch                      4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                       
default-fonts-core-math.noarch                       4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                       
default-fonts-core-mono.noarch                       4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                       
default-fonts-core-sans.noarch                       4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                       
default-fonts-core-serif.noarch                      4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                       
default-fonts-dv.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                       
default-fonts-dz.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                       
default-fonts-el.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                       
default-fonts-eo.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                       
default-fonts-eu.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                       
default-fonts-fa.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                       
default-fonts-gu.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                       
default-fonts-he.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                       
default-fonts-hi.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                       
default-fonts-hy.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                       
default-fonts-ia.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                       
default-fonts-iu.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                       
default-fonts-ka.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                       
default-fonts-km.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                       
default-fonts-kn.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                       
default-fonts-ku.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                       
default-fonts-lo.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                       
default-fonts-mai.noarch                             4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                       
default-fonts-ml.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                       
default-fonts-mni.noarch                             4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                       
default-fonts-mr.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                       
default-fonts-my.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                       
default-fonts-nb.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                       
default-fonts-ne.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                       
default-fonts-nn.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                       
default-fonts-nr.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                       
default-fonts-nso.noarch                             4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                       
default-fonts-or.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                       
default-fonts-other-mono.noarch                      4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                       
default-fonts-other-sans.noarch                      4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                       
default-fonts-other-serif.noarch                     4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                       
default-fonts-pa.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                       
default-fonts-ru.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                       
default-fonts-sat.noarch                             4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                       
default-fonts-si.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                       
default-fonts-ss.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                       
default-fonts-ta.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                       
default-fonts-te.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                       
default-fonts-th.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                       
default-fonts-tn.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                       
default-fonts-ts.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                       
default-fonts-uk.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                       
default-fonts-ur.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                       
default-fonts-ve.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                       
default-fonts-vi.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                       
default-fonts-xh.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                       
default-fonts-yi.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                       
default-fonts-zu.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                       
dejavu-sans-fonts.noarch                             2.37-23.fc40                        @fedora                                        
deltarpm.x86_64                                      3.6.5-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
desktop-backgrounds-gnome.noarch                     40.0.0-1.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
desktop-file-utils.x86_64                            0.26-12.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
device-mapper.x86_64                                 1.02.197-1.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
device-mapper-event.x86_64                           1.02.197-1.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
device-mapper-event-libs.x86_64                      1.02.197-1.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
device-mapper-libs.x86_64                            1.02.197-1.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
device-mapper-multipath-libs.x86_64                  0.9.7-7.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
device-mapper-persistent-data.x86_64                 1.0.12-1.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
dhcp-client.x86_64                                   12:4.4.3-13.P1.fc40                 @anaconda                                      
dhcp-common.noarch                                   12:4.4.3-13.P1.fc40                 @anaconda                                      
diffutils.x86_64                                     3.10-5.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
discord.x86_64                                       0.0.68-1.fc40                       @rpmfusion-nonfree-updates                     
distribution-gpg-keys.noarch                         1.105-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
djvulibre-libs.x86_64                                3.5.28-9.fc40                       @updates                                       
dkms.noarch                                          3.0.13-1.fc40                       @fedora                                        
dleyna.x86_64                                        0.8.3-4.fc40                        @updates                                       
dleyna-connector-dbus.x86_64                         0.8.3-4.fc40                        @updates                                       
dleyna-server.x86_64                                 0.8.3-4.fc40                        @updates                                       
dmidecode.x86_64                                     1:3.6-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
dnf.noarch                                           4.21.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
dnf-data.noarch                                      4.21.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
dnf-plugins-core.noarch                              4.9.0-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
dnsmasq.x86_64                                       2.90-1.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
docker-buildx-plugin.x86_64                          0.17.1-1.fc40                       @docker-ce-stable                              
docker-ce.x86_64                                     3:27.3.1-1.fc40                     @docker-ce-stable                              
docker-ce-cli.x86_64                                 1:27.3.1-1.fc40                     @docker-ce-stable                              
docker-ce-rootless-extras.x86_64                     27.3.1-1.fc40                       @docker-ce-stable                              
docker-compose-plugin.x86_64                         2.29.7-1.fc40                       @docker-ce-stable                              
dos2unix.x86_64                                      7.5.2-1.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
dosfstools.x86_64                                    4.2-11.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
dotconf.x86_64                                       1.3-35.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
dotnet-apphost-pack-6.0.x86_64                       6.0.33-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
dotnet-apphost-pack-8.0.x86_64                       8.0.8-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
dotnet-host.x86_64                                   8.0.8-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
dotnet-hostfxr-6.0.x86_64                            6.0.33-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
dotnet-hostfxr-8.0.x86_64                            8.0.8-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
dotnet-runtime-6.0.x86_64                            6.0.33-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
dotnet-runtime-8.0.x86_64                            8.0.8-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
dotnet-sdk-6.0.x86_64                                6.0.413-1                           @packages-microsoft-com-prod                   
dotnet-sdk-8.0.x86_64                                8.0.108-1.fc40                      @updates                                       
dotnet-targeting-pack-6.0.x86_64                     6.0.33-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
dotnet-targeting-pack-8.0.x86_64                     8.0.8-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
dotnet-templates-6.0.x86_64                          6.0.133-1.fc40                      @updates                                       
dotnet-templates-8.0.x86_64                          8.0.108-1.fc40                      @updates                                       
double-conversion.x86_64                             3.3.0-3.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
dracut.x86_64                                        102-2.fc40                          @updates                                       
dracut-config-rescue.x86_64                          102-2.fc40                          @updates                                       
dracut-live.x86_64                                   102-2.fc40                          @updates                                       
dracut-network.x86_64                                102-2.fc40                          @updates                                       
dracut-squash.x86_64                                 102-2.fc40                          @updates                                       
duktape.x86_64                                       2.7.0-7.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
dwz.x86_64                                           0.15-6.fc40                         @fedora                                        
e2fsprogs.x86_64                                     1.47.0-5.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
e2fsprogs-libs.x86_64                                1.47.0-5.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
ed.x86_64                                            1.20.2-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
editorconfig-libs.x86_64                             0.12.9-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
edk2-ovmf.noarch                                     20240813-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
efi-filesystem.noarch                                5-11.fc40                           @anaconda                                      
efi-srpm-macros.noarch                               5-11.fc40                           @fedora                                        
efibootmgr.x86_64                                    18-6.fc40                           @anaconda                                      
efivar-libs.x86_64                                   39-2.fc40                           @updates                                       
egl-gbm.x86_64                                       2:1.1.2-1.fc40                      @updates                                       
egl-wayland.x86_64                                   1.1.17-2.20240828git2d5ecff.fc40    @updates                                       
elfutils.x86_64                                      0.191-4.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
elfutils-debuginfod-client.x86_64                    0.191-4.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
elfutils-default-yama-scope.noarch                   0.191-4.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
elfutils-libelf.x86_64                               0.191-4.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
elfutils-libelf-devel.x86_64                         0.191-4.fc40                        @fedora                                        
elfutils-libs.x86_64                                 0.191-4.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
elixir.x86_64                                        1.16.2-2.fc40                       @updates                                       
emacs-filesystem.noarch                              1:29.4-9.fc40                       @updates                                       
enchant2.x86_64                                      2.6.9-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
epiphany-runtime.x86_64                              1:46.3-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
erlang.x86_64                                        26.2.5.3-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
erlang-asn1.x86_64                                   26.2.5.3-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
erlang-common_test.x86_64                            26.2.5.3-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
erlang-compiler.x86_64                               26.2.5.3-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
erlang-crypto.x86_64                                 26.2.5.3-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
erlang-debugger.x86_64                               26.2.5.3-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
erlang-dialyzer.x86_64                               26.2.5.3-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
erlang-diameter.x86_64                               26.2.5.3-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
erlang-doc.x86_64                                    26.2.5.3-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
erlang-edoc.x86_64                                   26.2.5.3-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
erlang-eldap.x86_64                                  26.2.5.3-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
erlang-erl_docgen.x86_64                             26.2.5.3-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
erlang-erl_interface.x86_64                          26.2.5.3-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
erlang-erts.x86_64                                   26.2.5.3-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
erlang-et.x86_64                                     26.2.5.3-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
erlang-eunit.x86_64                                  26.2.5.3-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
erlang-ftp.x86_64                                    26.2.5.3-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
erlang-inets.x86_64                                  26.2.5.3-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
erlang-jinterface.x86_64                             26.2.5.3-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
erlang-kernel.x86_64                                 26.2.5.3-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
erlang-megaco.x86_64                                 26.2.5.3-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
erlang-mnesia.x86_64                                 26.2.5.3-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
erlang-observer.x86_64                               26.2.5.3-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
erlang-odbc.x86_64                                   26.2.5.3-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
erlang-os_mon.x86_64                                 26.2.5.3-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
erlang-parsetools.x86_64                             26.2.5.3-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
erlang-public_key.x86_64                             26.2.5.3-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
erlang-reltool.x86_64                                26.2.5.3-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
erlang-runtime_tools.x86_64                          26.2.5.3-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
erlang-sasl.x86_64                                   26.2.5.3-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
erlang-snmp.x86_64                                   26.2.5.3-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
erlang-src.x86_64                                    26.2.5.3-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
erlang-ssh.x86_64                                    26.2.5.3-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
erlang-ssl.x86_64                                    26.2.5.3-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
erlang-stdlib.x86_64                                 26.2.5.3-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
erlang-syntax_tools.x86_64                           26.2.5.3-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
erlang-tftp.x86_64                                   26.2.5.3-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
erlang-tools.x86_64                                  26.2.5.3-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
erlang-wx.x86_64                                     26.2.5.3-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
erlang-xmerl.x86_64                                  26.2.5.3-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
espeak-ng.x86_64                                     1.51.1-8.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
ethtool.x86_64                                       2:6.10-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
evince.x86_64                                        46.3.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
evince-djvu.x86_64                                   46.3.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
evince-libs.x86_64                                   46.3.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
evince-previewer.x86_64                              46.3.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
evince-thumbnailer.x86_64                            46.3.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
evolution-data-server.x86_64                         3.52.4-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
evolution-data-server-langpacks.noarch               3.52.4-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
exempi.x86_64                                        2.6.4-5.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
exfatprogs.x86_64                                    1.2.5-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
exiv2.x86_64                                         0.27.6-7.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
exiv2-libs.x86_64                                    0.27.6-7.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
expat.x86_64                                         2.6.3-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
f2fs-tools.x86_64                                    1.16.0-4.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
f40-backgrounds-base.noarch                          40.2.0-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
f40-backgrounds-gnome.noarch                         40.2.0-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
faad2-libs.x86_64                                    1:2.11.1-2.fc40                     @rpmfusion-free                                
fakeroot.x86_64                                      1.36-1.fc40                         @updates                                       
fakeroot-libs.x86_64                                 1.36-1.fc40                         @updates                                       
fd-find.x86_64                                       10.1.0-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
fdk-aac-free.x86_64                                  2.0.0-13.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
fedora-bookmarks.noarch                              28-30.fc40                          @anaconda                                      
fedora-chromium-config.noarch                        3.0-4.fc40                          @anaconda                                      
fedora-chromium-config-gnome.noarch                  3.0-4.fc40                          @anaconda                                      
fedora-flathub-remote.noarch                         1-8.fc40                            @anaconda                                      
fedora-gpg-keys.noarch                               40-2                                @updates                                       
fedora-logos.noarch                                  38.1.0-5.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
fedora-logos-httpd.noarch                            38.1.0-5.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
fedora-release-common.noarch                         40-39                               @updates                                       
fedora-release-identity-workstation.noarch           40-39                               @updates                                       
fedora-release-workstation.noarch                    40-39                               @updates                                       
fedora-repos.noarch                                  40-2                                @updates                                       
fedora-third-party.noarch                            0.10-8.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
fedora-workstation-backgrounds.noarch                1.6-5.fc40                          @anaconda                                      
fedora-workstation-repositories.x86_64               38-5.fc40                           @anaconda                                      
ffmpeg-free.x86_64                                   6.1.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
fftw-libs-double.x86_64                              3.3.10-12.fc40                      @updates                                       
file.x86_64                                          5.45-4.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
file-libs.x86_64                                     5.45-4.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
filesystem.x86_64                                    3.18-8.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
findutils.x86_64                                     1:4.9.0-9.fc40                      @updates                                       
firefox.x86_64                                       130.0.1-1.fc40                      @updates                                       
firefox-langpacks.x86_64                             130.0.1-1.fc40                      @updates                                       
firewalld.noarch                                     2.1.3-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
firewalld-filesystem.noarch                          2.1.3-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
flac-libs.x86_64                                     1.4.3-4.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
flashrom.x86_64                                      1.4.0-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
flatpak.x86_64                                       1.15.10-1.fc40                      @updates                                       
flatpak-libs.x86_64                                  1.15.10-1.fc40                      @updates                                       
flatpak-selinux.noarch                               1.15.10-1.fc40                      @updates                                       
flatpak-session-helper.x86_64                        1.15.10-1.fc40                      @updates                                       
flex.x86_64                                          2.6.4-16.fc40                       @fedora                                        
flexiblas.x86_64                                     3.4.4-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
flexiblas-netlib.x86_64                              3.4.4-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
flexiblas-openblas-openmp.x86_64                     3.4.4-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
flite.x86_64                                         2.2-8.fc40                          @anaconda                                      
fmt.x86_64                                           10.2.1-4.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
folks.x86_64                                         1:0.15.9-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
fontconfig.x86_64                                    2.15.0-6.fc40                       @updates                                       
fonts-filesystem.noarch                              1:2.0.5-14.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
fonts-srpm-macros.noarch                             1:2.0.5-14.fc40                     @fedora                                        
forge-srpm-macros.noarch                             0.3.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
fpaste.noarch                                        0.5.0.0-1.fc40                      @updates                                       
fpc-srpm-macros.noarch                               1.3-12.fc40                         @fedora                                        
fprintd.x86_64                                       1.94.2-11.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
fprintd-pam.x86_64                                   1.94.2-11.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
freeglut.x86_64                                      3.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
freerdp-libs.x86_64                                  2:3.8.0-1.fc40                      @updates                                       
freerdp2-libs.x86_64                                 2.11.7-5.fc40                       @updates                                       
freetype.x86_64                                      2.13.2-5.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
fribidi.x86_64                                       1.0.14-2.fc40                       @updates                                       
fros.noarch                                          1.1-35.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
fros-gnome.noarch                                    1.1-35.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
fstrm.x86_64                                         0.6.1-10.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
fuse.x86_64                                          2.9.9-21.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
fuse-common.x86_64                                   3.16.2-3.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
fuse-libs.x86_64                                     2.9.9-21.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
fuse-overlayfs.x86_64                                1.13-1.fc40                         @fedora                                        
fuse3.x86_64                                         3.16.2-3.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
fuse3-libs.x86_64                                    3.16.2-3.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
fwupd.x86_64                                         1.9.23-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
fwupd-efi.x86_64                                     1.6-1.fc40                          @updates                                       
fwupd-plugin-flashrom.x86_64                         1.9.23-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
fwupd-plugin-modem-manager.x86_64                    1.9.23-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
fwupd-plugin-uefi-capsule-data.x86_64                1.9.23-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
game-music-emu.x86_64                                0.6.3-14.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
gamemode.x86_64                                      1.8.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
gawk.x86_64                                          5.3.0-3.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
gawk-all-langpacks.x86_64                            5.3.0-3.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
gc.x86_64                                            8.2.2-6.fc40                        @fedora                                        
gcc.x86_64                                           14.2.1-3.fc40                       @updates                                       
gcc-c++.x86_64                                       14.2.1-3.fc40                       @updates                                       
gcc-plugin-annobin.x86_64                            14.2.1-3.fc40                       @updates                                       
gcr.x86_64                                           4.3.0-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
gcr-libs.x86_64                                      4.3.0-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
gcr3.x86_64                                          3.41.1-8.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
gcr3-base.x86_64                                     3.41.1-8.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
gd.x86_64                                            2.3.3-16.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
gdb.x86_64                                           15.1-1.fc40                         @updates                                       
gdb-headless.x86_64                                  15.1-1.fc40                         @updates                                       
gdbm.x86_64                                          1:1.23-6.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
gdbm-libs.x86_64                                     1:1.23-6.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
gdk-pixbuf2.x86_64                                   2.42.10-8.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
gdk-pixbuf2-modules.x86_64                           2.42.10-8.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
gdk-pixbuf2-xlib.x86_64                              2.40.2-9.fc40                       @fedora                                        
gdm.x86_64                                           1:46.2-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
gdouros-symbola-fonts.noarch                         10.24-15.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
genisoimage.x86_64                                   1.1.11-54.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
geoclue2.x86_64                                      2.7.0-5.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
geoclue2-libs.x86_64                                 2.7.0-5.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
geocode-glib.x86_64                                  3.26.4-11.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
geolite2-city.noarch                                 20191217-12.fc40                    @anaconda                                      
geolite2-country.noarch                              20191217-12.fc40                    @anaconda                                      
gettext.x86_64                                       0.22.5-4.fc40                       @updates                                       
gettext-envsubst.x86_64                              0.22.5-4.fc40                       @updates                                       
gettext-libs.x86_64                                  0.22.5-4.fc40                       @updates                                       
gettext-runtime.x86_64                               0.22.5-4.fc40                       @updates                                       
gh.x86_64                                            2.57.0-1                            @gh-cli                                        
ghc-srpm-macros.noarch                               1.9-1.fc40                          @fedora                                        
ghostscript.x86_64                                   10.02.1-12.fc40                     @updates                                       
ghostscript-tools-fonts.noarch                       10.02.1-12.fc40                     @updates                                       
ghostscript-tools-printing.noarch                    10.02.1-12.fc40                     @updates                                       
giflib.x86_64                                        5.2.2-1.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
git.x86_64                                           2.46.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
git-core.x86_64                                      2.46.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
git-core-doc.noarch                                  2.46.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
gjs.x86_64                                           1.80.2-3.fc40                       @updates                                       
glib-networking.x86_64                               2.80.0-1.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
glib2.x86_64                                         2.80.3-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
glibc.x86_64                                         2.39-22.fc40                        @updates                                       
glibc-all-langpacks.x86_64                           2.39-22.fc40                        @updates                                       
glibc-common.x86_64                                  2.39-22.fc40                        @updates                                       
glibc-devel.x86_64                                   2.39-22.fc40                        @updates                                       
glibc-gconv-extra.x86_64                             2.39-22.fc40                        @updates                                       
glibc-headers-x86.noarch                             2.39-22.fc40                        @updates                                       
glibmm2.4.x86_64                                     2.66.7-1.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
glibmm2.68.x86_64                                    2.80.0-1.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
glusterfs.x86_64                                     11.1-3.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
glusterfs-cli.x86_64                                 11.1-3.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
glusterfs-client-xlators.x86_64                      11.1-3.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
glusterfs-fuse.x86_64                                11.1-3.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
glx-utils.x86_64                                     9.0.0-6.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
glycin-loaders.x86_64                                1.0.1-6.fc40                        @updates                                       
gmp.x86_64                                           1:6.2.1-8.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
gmp-c++.x86_64                                       1:6.2.1-8.fc40                      @fedora                                        
gmp-devel.x86_64                                     1:6.2.1-8.fc40                      @fedora                                        
gnat-srpm-macros.noarch                              6-5.fc40                            @fedora                                        
gnome-abrt.x86_64                                    1.4.3-1.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
gnome-autoar.x86_64                                  0.4.4-5.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
gnome-backgrounds.noarch                             46.0-1.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
gnome-bluetooth.x86_64                               1:46.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
gnome-bluetooth-libs.x86_64                          1:46.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
gnome-boxes.x86_64                                   46.1-1.fc40                         @updates                                       
gnome-browser-connector.x86_64                       42.1-6.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
gnome-calculator.x86_64                              46.0-1.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
gnome-calendar.x86_64                                46.1-1.fc40                         @updates                                       
gnome-characters.x86_64                              46.0-1.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
gnome-classic-session.noarch                         46.2-1.fc40                         @updates                                       
gnome-classic-session-xsession.noarch                46.2-1.fc40                         @updates                                       
gnome-clocks.x86_64                                  46.0-1.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
gnome-color-manager.x86_64                           3.36.0-12.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
gnome-connections.x86_64                             46.0-3.fc40                         @updates                                       
gnome-contacts.x86_64                                46.0-1.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
gnome-control-center.x86_64                          46.4-1.fc40                         @updates                                       
gnome-control-center-filesystem.noarch               46.4-1.fc40                         @updates                                       
gnome-desktop3.x86_64                                44.0-15.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
gnome-desktop4.x86_64                                44.0-15.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
gnome-disk-utility.x86_64                            46.0-1.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
gnome-font-viewer.x86_64                             46.0-1.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
gnome-initial-setup.x86_64                           46.4-1.fc40                         @updates                                       
gnome-keyring.x86_64                                 46.2-1.fc40                         @updates                                       
gnome-keyring-pam.x86_64                             46.2-1.fc40                         @updates                                       
gnome-logs.x86_64                                    45.0-3.fc40                         @updates                                       
gnome-maps.x86_64                                    46.11-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
gnome-menus.x86_64                                   3.36.0-11.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
gnome-online-accounts.x86_64                         3.50.2-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
gnome-remote-desktop.x86_64                          46.4-1.fc40                         @updates                                       
gnome-session.x86_64                                 46.0-1.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
gnome-session-wayland-session.x86_64                 46.0-1.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
gnome-session-xsession.x86_64                        46.0-1.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
gnome-settings-daemon.x86_64                         46.0-1.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
gnome-shell.x86_64                                   46.5-1.fc40                         @updates                                       
gnome-shell-extension-appindicator.noarch            57-7.20240307git03a7412.fc40        @fedora                                        
gnome-shell-extension-apps-menu.noarch               46.2-1.fc40                         @updates                                       
gnome-shell-extension-background-logo.noarch         46.0-1.fc40                         @updates                                       
gnome-shell-extension-common.noarch                  46.2-1.fc40                         @updates                                       
gnome-shell-extension-launch-new-instance.noarch     46.2-1.fc40                         @updates                                       
gnome-shell-extension-places-menu.noarch             46.2-1.fc40                         @updates                                       
gnome-shell-extension-window-list.noarch             46.2-1.fc40                         @updates                                       
gnome-software.x86_64                                46.5-1.fc40                         @updates                                       
gnome-software-fedora-langpacks.x86_64               46.5-1.fc40                         @updates                                       
gnome-system-monitor.x86_64                          46.0-1.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
gnome-terminal.x86_64                                3.50.1-8.fc40                       @updates                                       
gnome-terminal-nautilus.x86_64                       3.50.1-8.fc40                       @updates                                       
gnome-text-editor.x86_64                             46.3-1.fc40                         @updates                                       
gnome-tour.x86_64                                    46.0-2.fc40                         @updates                                       
gnome-tweaks.noarch                                  46.1-1.fc40                         @updates                                       
gnome-user-docs.noarch                               46.4-1.fc40                         @updates                                       
gnome-user-share.x86_64                              43.0-5.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
gnome-weather.noarch                                 46.0-1.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
gnu-free-fonts-common.noarch                         20120503-33.fc40                    @fedora                                        
gnu-free-sans-fonts.noarch                           20120503-33.fc40                    @fedora                                        
gnupg2.x86_64                                        2.4.4-1.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
gnupg2-smime.x86_64                                  2.4.4-1.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
gnutls.x86_64                                        3.8.6-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
gnutls-dane.x86_64                                   3.8.6-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
gnutls-utils.x86_64                                  3.8.6-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
go-filesystem.x86_64                                 3.5.0-1.fc40                        @fedora                                        
go-srpm-macros.noarch                                3.5.0-1.fc40                        @fedora                                        
gobject-introspection.x86_64                         1.80.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
golang.x86_64                                        1.22.7-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
golang-bin.x86_64                                    1.22.7-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
golang-src.noarch                                    1.22.7-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
gom.x86_64                                           0.5.3-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
google-carlito-fonts.noarch                          1.103-0.24.20130920.fc40            @anaconda                                      
google-crosextra-caladea-fonts.noarch                1:1.002-0.18.20130214.fc40          @anaconda                                      
google-droid-sans-fonts.noarch                       20200215-19.fc40                    @anaconda                                      
google-noto-color-emoji-fonts.noarch                 20231130-1.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
google-noto-fonts-common.noarch                      20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
google-noto-naskh-arabic-vf-fonts.noarch             20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
google-noto-sans-arabic-vf-fonts.noarch              20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
google-noto-sans-armenian-vf-fonts.noarch            20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
google-noto-sans-bengali-vf-fonts.noarch             20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
google-noto-sans-canadian-aboriginal-vf-fonts.noarch 20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
google-noto-sans-cherokee-vf-fonts.noarch            20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
google-noto-sans-cjk-vf-fonts.noarch                 1:2.004-7.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
google-noto-sans-devanagari-vf-fonts.noarch          20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
google-noto-sans-ethiopic-vf-fonts.noarch            20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
google-noto-sans-georgian-vf-fonts.noarch            20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
google-noto-sans-gujarati-vf-fonts.noarch            20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
google-noto-sans-gurmukhi-vf-fonts.noarch            20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
google-noto-sans-hebrew-vf-fonts.noarch              20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
google-noto-sans-kannada-vf-fonts.noarch             20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
google-noto-sans-khmer-vf-fonts.noarch               20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
google-noto-sans-lao-vf-fonts.noarch                 20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
google-noto-sans-math-fonts.noarch                   20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
google-noto-sans-meeteimayek-vf-fonts.noarch         20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
google-noto-sans-mono-cjk-vf-fonts.noarch            1:2.004-7.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
google-noto-sans-mono-vf-fonts.noarch                20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
google-noto-sans-ol-chiki-vf-fonts.noarch            20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
google-noto-sans-oriya-vf-fonts.noarch               20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
google-noto-sans-sinhala-vf-fonts.noarch             20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
google-noto-sans-symbols-vf-fonts.noarch             20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
google-noto-sans-symbols2-fonts.noarch               20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
google-noto-sans-tamil-vf-fonts.noarch               20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
google-noto-sans-telugu-vf-fonts.noarch              20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
google-noto-sans-thaana-vf-fonts.noarch              20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
google-noto-sans-thai-vf-fonts.noarch                20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
google-noto-sans-vf-fonts.noarch                     20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
google-noto-serif-armenian-vf-fonts.noarch           20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
google-noto-serif-bengali-vf-fonts.noarch            20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
google-noto-serif-cjk-vf-fonts.noarch                1:2.002-4.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
google-noto-serif-devanagari-vf-fonts.noarch         20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
google-noto-serif-ethiopic-vf-fonts.noarch           20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
google-noto-serif-georgian-vf-fonts.noarch           20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
google-noto-serif-gujarati-vf-fonts.noarch           20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
google-noto-serif-gurmukhi-vf-fonts.noarch           20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
google-noto-serif-hebrew-vf-fonts.noarch             20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
google-noto-serif-kannada-vf-fonts.noarch            20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
google-noto-serif-khmer-vf-fonts.noarch              20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
google-noto-serif-lao-vf-fonts.noarch                20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
google-noto-serif-oriya-vf-fonts.noarch              20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
google-noto-serif-sinhala-vf-fonts.noarch            20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
google-noto-serif-tamil-vf-fonts.noarch              20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
google-noto-serif-telugu-vf-fonts.noarch             20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
google-noto-serif-thai-vf-fonts.noarch               20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
google-noto-serif-vf-fonts.noarch                    20240301-2.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
gperftools-libs.x86_64                               2.14-4.fc40                         @updates                                       
gpgme.x86_64                                         1.23.2-3.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
gpgmepp.x86_64                                       1.23.2-3.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
gpm-libs.x86_64                                      1.20.7-46.fc40                      @fedora                                        
graphene.x86_64                                      1.10.6-8.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
graphite2.x86_64                                     1.3.14-15.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
graphviz.x86_64                                      9.0.0-11.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
grep.x86_64                                          3.11-7.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
grilo.x86_64                                         0.3.16-4.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
grilo-plugins.x86_64                                 0.3.16-4.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
groff-base.x86_64                                    1.23.0-6.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
grub2-common.noarch                                  1:2.06-123.fc40                     @updates                                       
grub2-efi-ia32.x86_64                                1:2.06-123.fc40                     @updates                                       
grub2-efi-ia32-cdboot.x86_64                         1:2.06-123.fc40                     @updates                                       
grub2-efi-x64.x86_64                                 1:2.06-123.fc40                     @updates                                       
grub2-efi-x64-cdboot.x86_64                          1:2.06-123.fc40                     @updates                                       
grub2-pc.x86_64                                      1:2.06-123.fc40                     @updates                                       
grub2-pc-modules.noarch                              1:2.06-123.fc40                     @updates                                       
grub2-tools.x86_64                                   1:2.06-123.fc40                     @updates                                       
grub2-tools-efi.x86_64                               1:2.06-123.fc40                     @updates                                       
grub2-tools-extra.x86_64                             1:2.06-123.fc40                     @updates                                       
grub2-tools-minimal.x86_64                           1:2.06-123.fc40                     @updates                                       
grubby.x86_64                                        8.40-75.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
gsettings-desktop-schemas.x86_64                     46.1-1.fc40                         @updates                                       
gsm.x86_64                                           1.0.22-6.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
gsound.x86_64                                        1.0.3-8.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
gspell.x86_64                                        1.12.2-4.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
gssdp.x86_64                                         1.6.3-2.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
gssproxy.x86_64                                      0.9.2-3.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
gst-editing-services.x86_64                          1.24.8-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
gstreamer1.x86_64                                    1.24.8-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
gstreamer1-plugin-libav.x86_64                       1.24.8-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
gstreamer1-plugin-openh264.x86_64                    1.24.8-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-free.x86_64                   1.24.8-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-free-libs.x86_64              1.24.8-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
gstreamer1-plugins-base.x86_64                       1.24.8-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
gstreamer1-plugins-good.x86_64                       1.24.8-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
gstreamer1-plugins-good-gtk.x86_64                   1.24.8-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
gstreamer1-plugins-good-qt.x86_64                    1.24.8-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
gstreamer1-plugins-good-qt6.x86_64                   1.24.8-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
gstreamer1-plugins-ugly-free.x86_64                  1.24.8-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
gtk-update-icon-cache.x86_64                         3.24.43-1.fc40                      @updates                                       
gtk-vnc2.x86_64                                      1.3.1-5.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
gtk2.x86_64                                          2.24.33-18.fc40                     @fedora                                        
gtk3.x86_64                                          3.24.43-1.fc40                      @updates                                       
gtk4.x86_64                                          4.14.5-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
gtkmm3.0.x86_64                                      3.24.9-1.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
gtkmm4.0.x86_64                                      4.14.0-1.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
gtksourceview4.x86_64                                4.8.4-6.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
gtksourceview5.x86_64                                5.12.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
gts.x86_64                                           0.7.6-48.20121130.fc40              @anaconda                                      
guile30.x86_64                                       3.0.7-12.fc40                       @fedora                                        
gupnp.x86_64                                         1.6.6-2.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
gupnp-av.x86_64                                      0.14.1-6.fc40                       @updates                                       
gupnp-dlna.x86_64                                    0.12.0-7.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
gupnp-igd.x86_64                                     1.6.0-4.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
gutenprint.x86_64                                    5.3.4-16.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
gutenprint-cups.x86_64                               5.3.4-16.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
gutenprint-libs.x86_64                               5.3.4-16.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
gvfs.x86_64                                          1.54.2-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
gvfs-afc.x86_64                                      1.54.2-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
gvfs-afp.x86_64                                      1.54.2-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
gvfs-archive.x86_64                                  1.54.2-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
gvfs-client.x86_64                                   1.54.2-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
gvfs-fuse.x86_64                                     1.54.2-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
gvfs-goa.x86_64                                      1.54.2-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
gvfs-gphoto2.x86_64                                  1.54.2-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
gvfs-mtp.x86_64                                      1.54.2-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
gvfs-smb.x86_64                                      1.54.2-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
gvisor-tap-vsock.x86_64                              6:0.7.5-1.fc40                      @updates                                       
gvisor-tap-vsock-gvforwarder.x86_64                  6:0.7.5-1.fc40                      @updates                                       
gvnc.x86_64                                          1.3.1-5.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
gvncpulse.x86_64                                     1.3.1-5.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
gwe.noarch                                           0.15.8-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
gzip.x86_64                                          1.13-1.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
harfbuzz.x86_64                                      8.5.0-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
harfbuzz-icu.x86_64                                  8.5.0-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
hfsplus-tools.x86_64                                 540.1.linux3-31.fc40                @anaconda                                      
hicolor-icon-theme.noarch                            0.17-18.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
highcontrast-icon-theme.noarch                       3.28-19.fc40                        @fedora                                        
highway.x86_64                                       1.2.0-2.fc40                        @updates                                       
hostname.x86_64                                      3.23-12.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
hplip.x86_64                                         3.24.4-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
hplip-common.x86_64                                  3.24.4-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
hplip-libs.x86_64                                    3.24.4-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
http-parser.x86_64                                   2.9.4-11.fc40                       @fedora                                        
httpd.x86_64                                         2.4.62-2.fc40                       @updates                                       
httpd-core.x86_64                                    2.4.62-2.fc40                       @updates                                       
httpd-filesystem.noarch                              2.4.62-2.fc40                       @updates                                       
httpd-tools.x86_64                                   2.4.62-2.fc40                       @updates                                       
hunspell.x86_64                                      1.7.2-7.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
hunspell-en.noarch                                   0.20201207-9.fc40                   @anaconda                                      
hunspell-en-GB.noarch                                0.20201207-9.fc40                   @anaconda                                      
hunspell-en-US.noarch                                0.20201207-9.fc40                   @anaconda                                      
hunspell-filesystem.x86_64                           1.7.2-7.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
hwdata.noarch                                        0.387-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
hyperv-daemons.x86_64                                0-0.44.20220731git.fc40             @anaconda                                      
hyperv-daemons-license.noarch                        0-0.44.20220731git.fc40             @anaconda                                      
hypervfcopyd.x86_64                                  0-0.44.20220731git.fc40             @anaconda                                      
hypervkvpd.x86_64                                    0-0.44.20220731git.fc40             @anaconda                                      
hypervvssd.x86_64                                    0-0.44.20220731git.fc40             @anaconda                                      
hyphen.x86_64                                        2.8.8-24.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
hyphen-en.noarch                                     2.8.8-24.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
ibus.x86_64                                          1.5.30-6.fc40                       @updates                                       
ibus-anthy.x86_64                                    1.5.16-6.fc40                       @updates                                       
ibus-anthy-python.noarch                             1.5.16-6.fc40                       @updates                                       
ibus-gtk2.x86_64                                     1.5.30-6.fc40                       @updates                                       
ibus-gtk3.x86_64                                     1.5.30-6.fc40                       @updates                                       
ibus-gtk4.x86_64                                     1.5.30-6.fc40                       @updates                                       
ibus-hangul.x86_64                                   1.5.5-5.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
ibus-libpinyin.x86_64                                1.15.8-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
ibus-libs.x86_64                                     1.5.30-6.fc40                       @updates                                       
ibus-libzhuyin.x86_64                                1.10.3-1.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
ibus-m17n.x86_64                                     1.4.32-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
ibus-setup.noarch                                    1.5.30-6.fc40                       @updates                                       
ibus-typing-booster.noarch                           2.25.16-1.fc40                      @updates                                       
iio-sensor-proxy.x86_64                              3.5-3.fc40                          @anaconda                                      
ilbc.x86_64                                          3.0.4-10.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
ima-evm-utils.x86_64                                 1.5-4.fc40                          @anaconda                                      
imath.x86_64                                         3.1.12-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
imlib2.x86_64                                        1.11.1-5.fc40                       @fedora                                        
inih.x86_64                                          58-1.fc40                           @anaconda                                      
iniparser.x86_64                                     4.1-16.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
initscripts.x86_64                                   10.23-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
initscripts-rename-device.x86_64                     10.23-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
initscripts-service.noarch                           10.23-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
inotify-tools.x86_64                                 3.22.1.0-7.fc40                     @fedora                                        
intel-audio-firmware.noarch                          20240909-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
intel-gmmlib.x86_64                                  22.3.20-1.fc40                      @updates                                       
intel-gpu-firmware.noarch                            20240909-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
intel-mediasdk.x86_64                                23.2.2-5.fc40                       @updates                                       
intel-vpl-gpu-rt.x86_64                              24.2.5-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
ipcalc.x86_64                                        1.0.3-9.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
ipp-usb.x86_64                                       0.9.28-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
iproute.x86_64                                       6.7.0-2.fc40                        @updates                                       
iproute-tc.x86_64                                    6.7.0-2.fc40                        @updates                                       
ipset.x86_64                                         7.21-1.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
ipset-libs.x86_64                                    7.21-1.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
iptables-libs.x86_64                                 1.8.10-7.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
iptables-nft.x86_64                                  1.8.10-7.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
iptstate.x86_64                                      2.2.7-4.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
iputils.x86_64                                       20240117-4.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
ipxe-roms-qemu.noarch                                20240119-1.gitde8a0821.fc40         @anaconda                                      
iscsi-initiator-utils.x86_64                         6.2.1.9-20.gita65a472.fc40          @anaconda                                      
iscsi-initiator-utils-iscsiuio.x86_64                6.2.1.9-20.gita65a472.fc40          @anaconda                                      
isns-utils-libs.x86_64                               0.101-9.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
iso-codes.noarch                                     4.16.0-3.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
isomd5sum.x86_64                                     1:1.2.5-1.fc40                      @updates                                       
iw.x86_64                                            6.7-2.fc40                          @anaconda                                      
iwlegacy-firmware.noarch                             20240909-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
iwlwifi-dvm-firmware.noarch                          20240909-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
iwlwifi-mvm-firmware.noarch                          20240909-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
jack-audio-connection-kit.x86_64                     1.9.22-5.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
jansson.x86_64                                       2.13.1-9.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
jasper-libs.x86_64                                   4.2.1-1.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
java-21-openjdk-headless.x86_64                      1:21.0.4.0.7-2.fc40                 @updates                                       
javapackages-filesystem.noarch                       6.2.0-9.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
javapackages-tools.noarch                            6.2.0-9.fc40                        @fedora                                        
javascriptcoregtk4.1.x86_64                          2.44.3-2.fc40                       @updates                                       
javascriptcoregtk6.0.x86_64                          2.44.3-2.fc40                       @updates                                       
jbig2dec-libs.x86_64                                 0.20-4.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
jbigkit-libs.x86_64                                  2.1-29.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
jemalloc.x86_64                                      5.3.0-6.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
jomolhari-fonts.noarch                               0.003-41.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
jq.x86_64                                            1.7.1-7.fc40                        @updates                                       
json-c.x86_64                                        0.17-3.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
json-glib.x86_64                                     1.8.0-3.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
julietaula-montserrat-fonts.noarch                   1:7.222-8.fc40                      @updates                                       
jxl-pixbuf-loader.x86_64                             1:0.8.3-1.fc40                      @updates                                       
kasumi-common.noarch                                 2.5-47.fc40                         @updates                                       
kasumi-unicode.x86_64                                2.5-47.fc40                         @updates                                       
kbd.x86_64                                           2.6.4-3.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
kbd-legacy.noarch                                    2.6.4-3.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
kbd-misc.noarch                                      2.6.4-3.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
kde-filesystem.x86_64                                5-3.fc40                            @fedora                                        
kdump-anaconda-addon.noarch                          006-11.20220714git7ca2d3e.fc40      @anaconda                                      
kdump-utils.x86_64                                   1.0.44-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
keepassxc.x86_64                                     2.7.9-5.fc40                        @updates                                       
kernel.x86_64                                        6.10.7-200.fc40                     @updates                                       
kernel.x86_64                                        6.10.9-200.fc40                     @updates                                       
kernel.x86_64                                        6.10.10-200.fc40                    @updates                                       
kernel-core.x86_64                                   6.10.7-200.fc40                     @updates                                       
kernel-core.x86_64                                   6.10.9-200.fc40                     @updates                                       
kernel-core.x86_64                                   6.10.10-200.fc40                    @updates                                       
kernel-devel.x86_64                                  6.10.7-200.fc40                     @updates                                       
kernel-devel.x86_64                                  6.10.9-200.fc40                     @updates                                       
kernel-devel.x86_64                                  6.10.10-200.fc40                    @updates                                       
kernel-devel-matched.x86_64                          6.10.10-200.fc40                    @updates                                       
kernel-headers.x86_64                                6.10.3-200.fc40                     @updates                                       
kernel-modules.x86_64                                6.10.7-200.fc40                     @updates                                       
kernel-modules.x86_64                                6.10.9-200.fc40                     @updates                                       
kernel-modules.x86_64                                6.10.10-200.fc40                    @updates                                       
kernel-modules-core.x86_64                           6.10.7-200.fc40                     @updates                                       
kernel-modules-core.x86_64                           6.10.9-200.fc40                     @updates                                       
kernel-modules-core.x86_64                           6.10.10-200.fc40                    @updates                                       
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                          6.10.7-200.fc40                     @updates                                       
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                          6.10.9-200.fc40                     @updates                                       
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                          6.10.10-200.fc40                    @updates                                       
kernel-srpm-macros.noarch                            1.0-23.fc40                         @fedora                                        
kexec-tools.x86_64                                   2.0.29-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
keybinder3.x86_64                                    0.3.2-18.fc40                       @fedora                                        
keyutils.x86_64                                      1.6.3-3.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
keyutils-libs.x86_64                                 1.6.3-3.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
kitty.x86_64                                         0.36.2-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
kitty-kitten.x86_64                                  0.36.2-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
kitty-shell-integration.noarch                       0.36.2-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
kitty-terminfo.noarch                                0.36.2-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
kmod.x86_64                                          31-5.fc40                           @anaconda                                      
kmod-libs.x86_64                                     31-5.fc40                           @anaconda                                      
kmod-nvidia-6.10.10-200.fc40.x86_64.x86_64           3:560.35.03-1.fc40                  @@commandline                                  
kmod-nvidia-6.10.7-200.fc40.x86_64.x86_64            3:560.35.03-1.fc40                  @@commandline                                  
kmod-nvidia-6.10.9-200.fc40.x86_64.x86_64            3:560.35.03-1.fc40                  @@commandline                                  
kmodtool.noarch                                      1.1-10.fc40                         @fedora                                        
kpartx.x86_64                                        0.9.7-7.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
krb5-libs.x86_64                                     1.21.3-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
kyotocabinet-libs.x86_64                             1.2.80-5.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
ladspa.x86_64                                        1.17-4.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
lame-libs.x86_64                                     3.100-17.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
langpacks-core-en.noarch                             4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                       
langpacks-en.noarch                                  4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                       
langpacks-fonts-en.noarch                            4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                       
langtable.noarch                                     0.0.68-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
lasi.x86_64                                          1.1.3-13.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
lazydocker.x86_64                                    0.23.3-1.fc40                       @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:atim:lazydocker
lazygit.x86_64                                       0.44.0-1.fc40                       @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:atim:lazygit   
lcms2.x86_64                                         2.16-3.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
leptonica.x86_64                                     1.84.1-3.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
less.x86_64                                          643-6.fc40                          @updates                                       
libICE.x86_64                                        1.1.1-3.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libSM.x86_64                                         1.2.4-3.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libX11.x86_64                                        1.8.10-2.fc40                       @updates                                       
libX11-common.noarch                                 1.8.10-2.fc40                       @updates                                       
libX11-devel.x86_64                                  1.8.10-2.fc40                       @updates                                       
libX11-xcb.x86_64                                    1.8.10-2.fc40                       @updates                                       
libXScrnSaver.x86_64                                 1.2.4-3.fc40                        @fedora                                        
libXau.x86_64                                        1.0.11-6.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libXau-devel.x86_64                                  1.0.11-6.fc40                       @fedora                                        
libXcomposite.x86_64                                 0.4.6-3.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libXcursor.x86_64                                    1.2.1-7.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libXdamage.x86_64                                    1.1.6-3.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libXdmcp.x86_64                                      1.1.4-3.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libXext.x86_64                                       1.3.6-1.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libXfixes.x86_64                                     6.0.1-3.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libXfont2.x86_64                                     2.0.7-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
libXft.x86_64                                        2.3.8-6.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libXi.x86_64                                         1.8.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
libXinerama.x86_64                                   1.1.5-6.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libXmu.x86_64                                        1.2.1-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
libXpm.x86_64                                        3.5.17-3.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libXpresent.x86_64                                   1.0.0-21.fc40                       @fedora                                        
libXrandr.x86_64                                     1.5.4-3.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libXrender.x86_64                                    0.9.11-6.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libXres.x86_64                                       1.2.2-3.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libXt.x86_64                                         1.3.0-3.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libXtst.x86_64                                       1.2.5-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
libXv.x86_64                                         1.0.12-3.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libXxf86dga.x86_64                                   1.1.6-3.fc40                        @fedora                                        
libXxf86vm.x86_64                                    1.1.5-6.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
liba52.x86_64                                        0.7.4-48.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libabw.x86_64                                        0.1.3-15.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libacl.x86_64                                        2.3.2-1.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libadwaita.x86_64                                    1.5.3-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
libaio.x86_64                                        0.3.111-19.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
libao.x86_64                                         1.2.0-27.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libaom.x86_64                                        3.9.0-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
libappindicator.x86_64                               12.10.1-4.fc40                      @fedora                                        
libappindicator-gtk3.x86_64                          12.10.1-4.fc40                      @fedora                                        
libarchive.x86_64                                    3.7.2-4.fc40                        @updates                                       
libargon2.x86_64                                     20190702-5.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
libass.x86_64                                        0.17.1-4.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libassuan.x86_64                                     2.5.7-1.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libasyncns.x86_64                                    0.8-28.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
libatasmart.x86_64                                   0.19-28.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libatomic.x86_64                                     14.2.1-3.fc40                       @updates                                       
libattr.x86_64                                       2.5.2-3.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libavc1394.x86_64                                    0.5.4-22.fc40                       @fedora                                        
libavcodec-free.x86_64                               6.1.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
libavdevice-free.x86_64                              6.1.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
libavfilter-free.x86_64                              6.1.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
libavformat-free.x86_64                              6.1.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
libavif.x86_64                                       1.0.4-3.fc40                        @updates                                       
libavutil-free.x86_64                                6.1.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
libayatana-appindicator-gtk3.x86_64                  0.5.93-5.fc40                       @updates                                       
libayatana-ido-gtk3.x86_64                           0.10.2-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
libayatana-indicator-gtk3.x86_64                     0.9.4-3.fc40                        @fedora                                        
libb2.x86_64                                         0.98.1-11.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
libbabeltrace.x86_64                                 1.5.11-7.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libbasicobjects.x86_64                               0.1.1-56.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libblkid.x86_64                                      2.40.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
libblkio.x86_64                                      1.5.0-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
libblockdev.x86_64                                   3.1.1-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
libblockdev-btrfs.x86_64                             3.1.1-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
libblockdev-crypto.x86_64                            3.1.1-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
libblockdev-dm.x86_64                                3.1.1-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
libblockdev-fs.x86_64                                3.1.1-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
libblockdev-loop.x86_64                              3.1.1-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
libblockdev-lvm.x86_64                               3.1.1-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
libblockdev-lvm-dbus.x86_64                          3.1.1-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
libblockdev-mdraid.x86_64                            3.1.1-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
libblockdev-mpath.x86_64                             3.1.1-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
libblockdev-nvdimm.x86_64                            3.1.1-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
libblockdev-nvme.x86_64                              3.1.1-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
libblockdev-part.x86_64                              3.1.1-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
libblockdev-plugins-all.x86_64                       3.1.1-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
libblockdev-swap.x86_64                              3.1.1-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
libblockdev-utils.x86_64                             3.1.1-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
libbluray.x86_64                                     1.3.4-5.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libbpf.x86_64                                        2:1.2.3-1.fc40                      @updates                                       
libbrotli.x86_64                                     1.1.0-3.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libbs2b.x86_64                                       3.1.0-33.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libbsd.x86_64                                        0.12.2-3.fc40                       @updates                                       
libbytesize.x86_64                                   2.11-99.fc40                        @updates                                       
libcaca.x86_64                                       0.99-0.73.beta20.fc40               @fedora                                        
libcacard.x86_64                                     3:2.8.1-8.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
libcanberra.x86_64                                   0.30-35.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libcanberra-gtk2.x86_64                              0.30-35.fc40                        @fedora                                        
libcanberra-gtk3.x86_64                              0.30-35.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libcap.x86_64                                        2.69-8.fc40                         @updates                                       
libcap-ng.x86_64                                     0.8.4-4.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libcap-ng-python3.x86_64                             0.8.4-4.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libcbor.x86_64                                       0.11.0-1.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libcddb.x86_64                                       1.3.2-43.fc40                       @fedora                                        
libcdio.x86_64                                       2.1.0-12.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libcdio-paranoia.x86_64                              10.2+2.0.1-12.fc40                  @updates                                       
libcdr.x86_64                                        0.1.7-17.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libcgroup.x86_64                                     3.0-5.fc40                          @fedora                                        
libchromaprint.x86_64                                1.5.1-17.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libcloudproviders.x86_64                             0.3.5-3.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libcmis.x86_64                                       0.6.2-5.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libcollection.x86_64                                 0.7.0-56.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libcom_err.x86_64                                    1.47.0-5.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libcomps.x86_64                                      0.1.20-5.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libconfig.x86_64                                     1.7.3-8.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libcue.x86_64                                        2.3.0-3.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libcupsfilters.x86_64                                1:2.1~b1-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
libcurl-minimal.x86_64                               8.6.0-10.fc40                       @updates                                       
libcxx.x86_64                                        18.1.8-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
libcxxabi.x86_64                                     18.1.8-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
libdaemon.x86_64                                     0.14-29.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libdatrie.x86_64                                     0.2.13-9.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libdav1d.x86_64                                      1.4.3-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
libdazzle.x86_64                                     3.44.0-6.fc40                       @fedora                                        
libdb.x86_64                                         5.3.28-62.fc40                      @updates                                       
libdbusmenu.x86_64                                   16.04.0-27.fc40                     @fedora                                        
libdbusmenu-gtk2.x86_64                              16.04.0-27.fc40                     @fedora                                        
libdbusmenu-gtk3.x86_64                              16.04.0-27.fc40                     @fedora                                        
libdc1394.x86_64                                     2.2.7-5.fc40                        @fedora                                        
libdca.x86_64                                        0.0.7-11.fc40                       @fedora                                        
libdecor.x86_64                                      0.2.2-3.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libdhash.x86_64                                      0.5.0-56.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libdisplay-info.x86_64                               0.1.1-4.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libdmapsharing4.x86_64                               3.9.13-3.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libdnf.x86_64                                        0.73.3-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
libdovi.x86_64                                       3.3.0-2.fc40                        @updates                                       
libdrm.x86_64                                        2.4.123-1.fc40                      @updates                                       
libdvbpsi.x86_64                                     1.3.3-11.fc40                       @fedora                                        
libdvdnav.x86_64                                     6.1.1-8.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libdvdread.x86_64                                    6.1.3-6.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libe-book.x86_64                                     0.1.3-35.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libebml.x86_64                                       1.4.5-1.fc40                        @fedora                                        
libeconf.x86_64                                      0.6.2-2.fc40                        @updates                                       
libedit.x86_64                                       3.1-53.20240808cvs.fc40             @updates                                       
libei.x86_64                                         1.3.0-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
libeis.x86_64                                        1.3.0-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
libeot.x86_64                                        0.01-31.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libepoxy.x86_64                                      1.5.10-6.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libepubgen.x86_64                                    0.1.1-18.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
liberation-fonts-common.noarch                       1:2.1.5-9.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
liberation-mono-fonts.noarch                         1:2.1.5-9.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
liberation-sans-fonts.noarch                         1:2.1.5-9.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
liberation-serif-fonts.noarch                        1:2.1.5-9.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
libertas-firmware.noarch                             20240909-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
libetonyek.x86_64                                    0.1.11~20230802.git9c3a8cb-5.fc40   @anaconda                                      
libev.x86_64                                         4.33-11.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libevdev.x86_64                                      1.13.3-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
libevent.x86_64                                      2.1.12-12.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
libexif.x86_64                                       0.6.24-7.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libexttextcat.x86_64                                 3.4.6-9.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libfdisk.x86_64                                      2.40.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
libfdt.x86_64                                        1.7.0-7.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libffado.x86_64                                      2.4.8-4.fc40                        @updates                                       
libffi.x86_64                                        3.4.4-7.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libfido2.x86_64                                      1.14.0-4.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libfontenc.x86_64                                    1.1.7-3.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libfprint.x86_64                                     1.94.7-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
libfreehand.x86_64                                   0.1.2-23.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libfsverity.x86_64                                   1.4-12.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
libftdi.x86_64                                       1.5-12.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
libgcc.x86_64                                        14.2.1-3.fc40                       @updates                                       
libgcrypt.x86_64                                     1.10.3-3.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libgdata.x86_64                                      0.18.1-11.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
libgee.x86_64                                        0.20.6-6.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libgexiv2.x86_64                                     0.14.3-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
libgfapi0.x86_64                                     11.1-3.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
libgfortran.x86_64                                   14.2.1-3.fc40                       @updates                                       
libgfrpc0.x86_64                                     11.1-3.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
libgfxdr0.x86_64                                     11.1-3.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
libgit2.x86_64                                       1.7.2-4.fc40                        @updates                                       
libglusterfs0.x86_64                                 11.1-3.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
libglvnd.x86_64                                      1:1.7.0-4.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
libglvnd-core-devel.x86_64                           1:1.7.0-4.fc40                      @fedora                                        
libglvnd-devel.x86_64                                1:1.7.0-4.fc40                      @fedora                                        
libglvnd-egl.x86_64                                  1:1.7.0-4.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
libglvnd-gles.x86_64                                 1:1.7.0-4.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
libglvnd-glx.x86_64                                  1:1.7.0-4.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
libglvnd-opengl.x86_64                               1:1.7.0-4.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
libgomp.x86_64                                       14.2.1-3.fc40                       @updates                                       
libgpg-error.x86_64                                  1.49-1.fc40                         @updates                                       
libgphoto2.x86_64                                    2.5.31-1.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libgpod.x86_64                                       0.8.3-51.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libgrss.x86_64                                       0.7.0-19.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libgs.x86_64                                         10.02.1-12.fc40                     @updates                                       
libgsf.x86_64                                        1.14.51-4.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
libgtop2.x86_64                                      2.41.3-1.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libgudev.x86_64                                      238-5.fc40                          @anaconda                                      
libgusb.x86_64                                       0.4.9-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
libgweather.x86_64                                   4.4.2-1.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libgxps.x86_64                                       0.3.2-8.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libhandy.x86_64                                      1.8.3-1.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libhangul.x86_64                                     0.1.0-31.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libheif.x86_64                                       1.17.6-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
libibverbs.x86_64                                    48.0-4.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
libical.x86_64                                       3.0.18-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
libical-glib.x86_64                                  3.0.18-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
libicu.x86_64                                        74.2-1.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
libidn2.x86_64                                       2.3.7-1.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libiec61883.x86_64                                   1.2.0-34.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libieee1284.x86_64                                   0.2.11-43.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
libijs.x86_64                                        0.35-22.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libimagequant.x86_64                                 4.0.3-5.fc40                        @updates                                       
libimobiledevice.x86_64                              1.3.0^20230705git6fc41f5-4.fc40     @anaconda                                      
libimobiledevice-glue.x86_64                         1.0.0-3.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libini_config.x86_64                                 1.3.1-56.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libinput.x86_64                                      1.26.2-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
libipt.x86_64                                        2.1-3.fc40                          @anaconda                                      
libiptcdata.x86_64                                   1.0.5-17.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libiscsi.x86_64                                      1.20.0-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
libjaylink.x86_64                                    0.3.0-5.fc40                        @fedora                                        
libjcat.x86_64                                       0.2.1-2.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libjpeg-turbo.x86_64                                 3.0.2-1.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libjxl.x86_64                                        1:0.8.3-1.fc40                      @updates                                       
libkate.x86_64                                       0.4.1-29.fc40                       @fedora                                        
libkcapi.x86_64                                      1.5.0-4.fc40                        @updates                                       
libkcapi-hasher.x86_64                               1.5.0-4.fc40                        @updates                                       
libkcapi-hmaccalc.x86_64                             1.5.0-4.fc40                        @updates                                       
libksba.x86_64                                       1.6.6-1.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
liblangtag.x86_64                                    0.6.7-3.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
liblangtag-data.noarch                               0.6.7-3.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
liblc3.x86_64                                        1.1.1-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
libldac.x86_64                                       2.0.2.3-15.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
libldb.x86_64                                        2.9.1-4.fc40                        @updates                                       
liblerc.x86_64                                       4.0.0-6.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
liblouis.x86_64                                      3.28.0-5.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
liblouis-tables.noarch                               3.28.0-5.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
liblouisutdml.x86_64                                 2.12.0-1.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
liblouisutdml-utils.x86_64                           2.12.0-1.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
liblqr-1.x86_64                                      0.4.2-24.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libluv.x86_64                                        1.48.0.2-1.fc40                     @fedora                                        
libmad.x86_64                                        0.16.4-3.fc40                       @fedora                                        
libmanette.x86_64                                    0.2.7-1.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libmatroska.x86_64                                   1.7.1-6.fc40                        @fedora                                        
libmaxminddb.x86_64                                  1.11.0-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
libmbim.x86_64                                       1.30.0-3.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libmbim-utils.x86_64                                 1.30.0-3.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libmd.x86_64                                         1.1.0-4.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libmediaart.x86_64                                   1.9.6-7.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libmicrodns.x86_64                                   0.2.0-9.fc40                        @fedora                                        
libmnl.x86_64                                        1.0.5-5.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libmodplug.x86_64                                    1:0.8.9.0-19.fc40                   @anaconda                                      
libmodulemd.x86_64                                   2.15.0-12.fc40                      @updates                                       
libmount.x86_64                                      2.40.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
libmpc.x86_64                                        1.3.1-5.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libmpcdec.x86_64                                     1.3.0-0.4.20110810svn475.fc40       @updates                                       
libmpeg2.x86_64                                      0.5.1-29.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libmspack.x86_64                                     0.10.1-0.12.alpha.fc40              @anaconda                                      
libmspub.x86_64                                      0.1.4-32.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libmtp.x86_64                                        1.1.19-7.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libmwaw.x86_64                                       0.3.22-3.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libmysofa.x86_64                                     1.2.1-7.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libnbd.x86_64                                        1.20.2-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
libndp.x86_64                                        1.8-9.fc40                          @anaconda                                      
libnet.x86_64                                        1.3-3.fc40                          @anaconda                                      
libnetfilter_conntrack.x86_64                        1.0.9-5.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libnfnetlink.x86_64                                  1.0.1-27.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libnfs.x86_64                                        5.0.3-1.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libnfsidmap.x86_64                                   1:2.7.1-0.fc40                      @updates                                       
libnftnl.x86_64                                      1.2.6-5.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libnghttp2.x86_64                                    1.59.0-3.fc40                       @updates                                       
libnice.x86_64                                       0.1.22-1.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libnl3.x86_64                                        3.10.0-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
libnl3-cli.x86_64                                    3.10.0-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
libnma.x86_64                                        1.10.6-7.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libnma-gtk4.x86_64                                   1.10.6-7.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libnotify.x86_64                                     0.8.3-3.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libnsl2.x86_64                                       2.0.1-1.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libnumbertext.x86_64                                 1.0.11-6.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libnvme.x86_64                                       1.8-1.fc40                          @anaconda                                      
liboauth.x86_64                                      1.0.3-23.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libodfgen.x86_64                                     0.1.8-11.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
liboeffis.x86_64                                     1.3.0-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
libogg.x86_64                                        2:1.3.5-8.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
libopenmpt.x86_64                                    0.7.8-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
liborcus.x86_64                                      0.19.2-4.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libosinfo.x86_64                                     1.11.0-5.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libpagemaker.x86_64                                  0.0.4-23.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libpaper.x86_64                                      1:2.1.1-3.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
libpasswdqc.x86_64                                   2.0.3-4.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libpath_utils.x86_64                                 0.2.1-56.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libpcap.x86_64                                       14:1.10.5-1.fc40                    @updates                                       
libpciaccess.x86_64                                  0.16-12.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libpeas1.x86_64                                      1.36.0-5.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libpeas1-gtk.x86_64                                  1.36.0-5.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libpeas1-loader-python3.x86_64                       1.36.0-5.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libphodav.x86_64                                     3.0-8.fc40                          @anaconda                                      
libphonenumber.x86_64                                8.13.35-1.fc40                      @updates                                       
libpinyin.x86_64                                     2.8.1-7.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libpinyin-data.x86_64                                2.8.1-7.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libpipeline.x86_64                                   1.5.7-5.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libpkgconf.x86_64                                    2.1.1-2.fc40                        @updates                                       
libplacebo.x86_64                                    6.338.2-1.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
libplist.x86_64                                      2.3.0-4.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libpmem.x86_64                                       2.0.1-3.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libpng.x86_64                                        2:1.6.40-3.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
libportal.x86_64                                     0.7.1-3.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libportal-gtk3.x86_64                                0.7.1-3.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libportal-gtk4.x86_64                                0.7.1-3.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libpostproc-free.x86_64                              6.1.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
libppd.x86_64                                        1:2.1~b1-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
libproxy.x86_64                                      0.5.5-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
libproxy-bin.x86_64                                  0.5.5-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
libpskc.x86_64                                       2.6.11-3.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libpsl.x86_64                                        0.21.5-3.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libpwquality.x86_64                                  1.4.5-9.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libqhull_r.x86_64                                    1:8.0.2-4.fc40                      @fedora                                        
libqmi.x86_64                                        1.34.0-5.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libqmi-utils.x86_64                                  1.34.0-5.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libqrtr-glib.x86_64                                  1.2.2-5.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libquadmath.x86_64                                   14.2.1-3.fc40                       @updates                                       
libqxp.x86_64                                        0.0.2-26.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
librabbitmq.x86_64                                   0.14.0-2.fc40                       @updates                                       
librados2.x86_64                                     2:18.2.4-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
libraqm.x86_64                                       0.8.0-7.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libraw1394.x86_64                                    2.1.2-20.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
librbd1.x86_64                                       2:18.2.4-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
librdmacm.x86_64                                     48.0-4.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
libref_array.x86_64                                  0.1.5-56.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libreoffice-calc.x86_64                              1:24.2.6.2-1.fc40                   @updates                                       
libreoffice-core.x86_64                              1:24.2.6.2-1.fc40                   @updates                                       
libreoffice-data.x86_64                              1:24.2.6.2-1.fc40                   @updates                                       
libreoffice-emailmerge.x86_64                        1:24.2.6.2-1.fc40                   @updates                                       
libreoffice-filters.x86_64                           1:24.2.6.2-1.fc40                   @updates                                       
libreoffice-graphicfilter.x86_64                     1:24.2.6.2-1.fc40                   @updates                                       
libreoffice-gtk3.x86_64                              1:24.2.6.2-1.fc40                   @updates                                       
libreoffice-gtk4.x86_64                              1:24.2.6.2-1.fc40                   @updates                                       
libreoffice-help-en.x86_64                           1:24.2.6.2-1.fc40                   @updates                                       
libreoffice-impress.x86_64                           1:24.2.6.2-1.fc40                   @updates                                       
libreoffice-langpack-en.x86_64                       1:24.2.6.2-1.fc40                   @updates                                       
libreoffice-ogltrans.x86_64                          1:24.2.6.2-1.fc40                   @updates                                       
libreoffice-opensymbol-fonts.noarch                  1:24.2.6.2-1.fc40                   @updates                                       
libreoffice-pdfimport.x86_64                         1:24.2.6.2-1.fc40                   @updates                                       
libreoffice-pyuno.x86_64                             1:24.2.6.2-1.fc40                   @updates                                       
libreoffice-ure.x86_64                               1:24.2.6.2-1.fc40                   @updates                                       
libreoffice-ure-common.x86_64                        1:24.2.6.2-1.fc40                   @updates                                       
libreoffice-writer.x86_64                            1:24.2.6.2-1.fc40                   @updates                                       
libreoffice-x11.x86_64                               1:24.2.6.2-1.fc40                   @updates                                       
libreoffice-xsltfilter.x86_64                        1:24.2.6.2-1.fc40                   @updates                                       
librepo.x86_64                                       1.18.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
libreport.x86_64                                     2.17.15-1.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
libreport-anaconda.x86_64                            2.17.15-1.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
libreport-cli.x86_64                                 2.17.15-1.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
libreport-fedora.x86_64                              2.17.15-1.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
libreport-filesystem.noarch                          2.17.15-1.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
libreport-gtk.x86_64                                 2.17.15-1.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
libreport-plugin-bugzilla.x86_64                     2.17.15-1.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
libreport-plugin-kerneloops.x86_64                   2.17.15-1.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
libreport-plugin-logger.x86_64                       2.17.15-1.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
libreport-plugin-reportuploader.x86_64               2.17.15-1.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
libreport-plugin-systemd-journal.x86_64              2.17.15-1.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
libreport-plugin-ureport.x86_64                      2.17.15-1.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
libreport-web.x86_64                                 2.17.15-1.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
librevenge.x86_64                                    0.0.5-7.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
librist.x86_64                                       0.2.7-4.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
librsvg2.x86_64                                      2.57.1-6.fc40                       @updates                                       
libsamplerate.x86_64                                 0.2.2-8.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libsane-airscan.x86_64                               0.99.29-1.fc40                      @updates                                       
libsane-hpaio.x86_64                                 3.24.4-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
libsbc.x86_64                                        2.0-4.fc40                          @anaconda                                      
libseccomp.x86_64                                    2.5.5-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
libsecret.x86_64                                     0.21.4-2.fc40                       @updates                                       
libselinux.x86_64                                    3.6-4.fc40                          @anaconda                                      
libselinux-utils.x86_64                              3.6-4.fc40                          @anaconda                                      
libsemanage.x86_64                                   3.6-3.fc40                          @anaconda                                      
libsepol.x86_64                                      3.6-3.fc40                          @anaconda                                      
libserf.x86_64                                       1.3.10-5.fc40                       @fedora                                        
libshaderc.x86_64                                    2024.2-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
libshout.x86_64                                      2.4.6-6.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libshumate.x86_64                                    1.2.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
libsigc++20.x86_64                                   2.12.1-2.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libsigc++30.x86_64                                   3.6.0-3.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libslirp.x86_64                                      4.7.0-6.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libsmartcols.x86_64                                  2.40.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
libsmbclient.x86_64                                  2:4.20.5-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
libsndfile.x86_64                                    1.2.2-2.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libsodium.x86_64                                     1.0.20-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
libsolv.x86_64                                       0.7.30-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
libsoup.x86_64                                       2.74.3-6.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libsoup3.x86_64                                      3.4.4-3.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libspatialaudio.x86_64                               3.1-15.20200406gitd926a2e.fc40      @updates                                       
libspectre.x86_64                                    0.2.12-6.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libsrtp.x86_64                                       2.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
libss.x86_64                                         1.47.0-5.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libssh.x86_64                                        0.10.6-5.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libssh-config.noarch                                 0.10.6-5.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libssh2.x86_64                                       1.11.0-4.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libsss_certmap.x86_64                                2.9.5-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
libsss_idmap.x86_64                                  2.9.5-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
libsss_nss_idmap.x86_64                              2.9.5-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
libsss_sudo.x86_64                                   2.9.5-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
libstaroffice.x86_64                                 0.0.7-13.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libstdc++.x86_64                                     14.2.1-3.fc40                       @updates                                       
libstdc++-devel.x86_64                               14.2.1-3.fc40                       @updates                                       
libstemmer.x86_64                                    2.2.0-10.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libswresample-free.x86_64                            6.1.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
libswscale-free.x86_64                               6.1.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
libtalloc.x86_64                                     2.4.2-1.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libtasn1.x86_64                                      4.19.0-6.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libtdb.x86_64                                        1.4.10-1.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libteam.x86_64                                       1.32-7.fc40                         @updates                                       
libtevent.x86_64                                     0.16.1-1.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libtextstyle.x86_64                                  0.22.5-4.fc40                       @updates                                       
libthai.x86_64                                       0.1.29-8.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libtheora.x86_64                                     1:1.1.1-36.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
libtiff.x86_64                                       4.6.0-2.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libtiger.x86_64                                      0.3.4-28.fc40                       @fedora                                        
libtirpc.x86_64                                      1.3.5-0.fc40                        @updates                                       
libtomcrypt.x86_64                                   1.18.2-19.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
libtommath.x86_64                                    1.2.1-3.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libtool-ltdl.x86_64                                  2.4.7-10.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libtpms.x86_64                                       0.9.6-6.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libtracker-sparql.x86_64                             3.7.3-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
libtree-sitter.x86_64                                0.22.5-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
libudfread.x86_64                                    1.1.2-8.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libudisks2.x86_64                                    2.10.1-5.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libunistring.x86_64                                  1.1-7.fc40                          @anaconda                                      
libunwind.x86_64                                     1.8.0-3.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libupnp.x86_64                                       1.14.19-1.fc40                      @updates                                       
liburing.x86_64                                      2.5-3.fc40                          @anaconda                                      
libusal.x86_64                                       1.1.11-54.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
libusb-compat-0.1.x86_64                             0.1.8-7.fc40                        @fedora                                        
libusb1.x86_64                                       1.0.27-2.fc40                       @updates                                       
libusbmuxd.x86_64                                    2.0.2^20230620git8d30a55-5.fc40     @anaconda                                      
libuser.x86_64                                       0.64-8.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
libutempter.x86_64                                   1.2.1-13.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libuuid.x86_64                                       2.40.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
libuv.x86_64                                         1:1.48.0-1.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
libv4l.x86_64                                        1.28.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
libva.x86_64                                         2.21.0-3.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libva-intel-media-driver.x86_64                      24.2.5-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
libvdpau.x86_64                                      1.5-6.fc40                          @anaconda                                      
libverto.x86_64                                      0.3.2-8.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libverto-libev.x86_64                                0.3.2-8.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libvirt-client.x86_64                                10.1.0-4.fc40                       @updates                                       
libvirt-daemon.x86_64                                10.1.0-4.fc40                       @updates                                       
libvirt-daemon-common.x86_64                         10.1.0-4.fc40                       @updates                                       
libvirt-daemon-config-network.x86_64                 10.1.0-4.fc40                       @updates                                       
libvirt-daemon-driver-interface.x86_64               10.1.0-4.fc40                       @updates                                       
libvirt-daemon-driver-network.x86_64                 10.1.0-4.fc40                       @updates                                       
libvirt-daemon-driver-nodedev.x86_64                 10.1.0-4.fc40                       @updates                                       
libvirt-daemon-driver-nwfilter.x86_64                10.1.0-4.fc40                       @updates                                       
libvirt-daemon-driver-qemu.x86_64                    10.1.0-4.fc40                       @updates                                       
libvirt-daemon-driver-secret.x86_64                  10.1.0-4.fc40                       @updates                                       
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage.x86_64                 10.1.0-4.fc40                       @updates                                       
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-core.x86_64            10.1.0-4.fc40                       @updates                                       
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-disk.x86_64            10.1.0-4.fc40                       @updates                                       
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-gluster.x86_64         10.1.0-4.fc40                       @updates                                       
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-iscsi.x86_64           10.1.0-4.fc40                       @updates                                       
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-iscsi-direct.x86_64    10.1.0-4.fc40                       @updates                                       
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-logical.x86_64         10.1.0-4.fc40                       @updates                                       
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-mpath.x86_64           10.1.0-4.fc40                       @updates                                       
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-rbd.x86_64             10.1.0-4.fc40                       @updates                                       
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-scsi.x86_64            10.1.0-4.fc40                       @updates                                       
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-zfs.x86_64             10.1.0-4.fc40                       @updates                                       
libvirt-daemon-kvm.x86_64                            10.1.0-4.fc40                       @updates                                       
libvirt-daemon-lock.x86_64                           10.1.0-4.fc40                       @updates                                       
libvirt-daemon-log.x86_64                            10.1.0-4.fc40                       @updates                                       
libvirt-daemon-plugin-lockd.x86_64                   10.1.0-4.fc40                       @updates                                       
libvirt-daemon-proxy.x86_64                          10.1.0-4.fc40                       @updates                                       
libvirt-gconfig.x86_64                               5.0.0-3.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libvirt-glib.x86_64                                  5.0.0-3.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libvirt-gobject.x86_64                               5.0.0-3.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libvirt-libs.x86_64                                  10.1.0-4.fc40                       @updates                                       
libvisio.x86_64                                      0.1.7-23.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libvisual.x86_64                                     1:0.4.1-4.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
libvmaf.x86_64                                       2.3.0-7.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libvncserver.x86_64                                  0.9.14-2.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libvorbis.x86_64                                     1:1.3.7-10.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
libvpl.x86_64                                        1:2.13.0-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
libvpx.x86_64                                        1.14.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
libvterm.x86_64                                      0.3.3-3.fc40                        @fedora                                        
libwacom.x86_64                                      2.11.0-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
libwacom-data.noarch                                 2.11.0-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
libwayland-client.x86_64                             1.23.0-2.fc40                       @updates                                       
libwayland-cursor.x86_64                             1.23.0-2.fc40                       @updates                                       
libwayland-egl.x86_64                                1.23.0-2.fc40                       @updates                                       
libwayland-server.x86_64                             1.23.0-2.fc40                       @updates                                       
libwbclient.x86_64                                   2:4.20.5-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
libwebp.x86_64                                       1.3.2-5.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libwebp-tools.x86_64                                 1.3.2-5.fc40                        @fedora                                        
libwinpr.x86_64                                      2:3.8.0-1.fc40                      @updates                                       
libwinpr2.x86_64                                     2.11.7-5.fc40                       @updates                                       
libwmf-lite.x86_64                                   0.2.13-5.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libwnck3.x86_64                                      43.0-8.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
libwpd.x86_64                                        0.10.3-19.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
libwpg.x86_64                                        0.3.4-3.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libwps.x86_64                                        0.4.14-3.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libwsman1.x86_64                                     2.7.2-5.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libxcb.x86_64                                        1.17.0-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
libxcb-devel.x86_64                                  1.17.0-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
libxcrypt.x86_64                                     4.4.36-5.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libxcrypt-devel.x86_64                               4.4.36-5.fc40                       @fedora                                        
libxcvt.x86_64                                       0.1.2-6.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libxdp.x86_64                                        1.4.2-1.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libxkbcommon.x86_64                                  1.6.0-2.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libxkbcommon-x11.x86_64                              1.6.0-2.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libxkbfile.x86_64                                    1.1.3-1.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libxklavier.x86_64                                   5.4-25.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
libxml++.x86_64                                      2.42.3-3.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libxml2.x86_64                                       2.12.8-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
libxmlb.x86_64                                       0.3.19-2.fc40                       @updates                                       
libxshmfence.x86_64                                  1.3.2-3.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libxslt.x86_64                                       1.1.42-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
libyaml.x86_64                                       0.2.5-14.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libzhuyin.x86_64                                     2.8.1-7.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
libzip.x86_64                                        1.10.1-3.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libzmf.x86_64                                        0.0.2-34.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
libzstd.x86_64                                       1.5.6-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
libzstd-devel.x86_64                                 1.5.6-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
lilv-libs.x86_64                                     0.24.20-3.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
linux-atm-libs.x86_64                                2.5.1-39.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
linux-firmware.noarch                                20240909-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
linux-firmware-whence.noarch                         20240909-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
lirc-libs.x86_64                                     0.10.0-42.fc40                      @fedora                                        
live555.x86_64                                       2023.06.20-4.fc40                   @fedora                                        
livesys-scripts.noarch                               0.6.0-3.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
lksctp-tools.x86_64                                  1.0.19-6.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
llhttp.x86_64                                        9.2.1-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
llvm.x86_64                                          18.1.8-2.fc40                       @updates                                       
llvm-libs.x86_64                                     18.1.8-2.fc40                       @updates                                       
lm_sensors-libs.x86_64                               3.6.0-18.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
lmdb-libs.x86_64                                     0.9.33-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
lockdev.x86_64                                       1.0.4-0.42.20111007git.fc40         @anaconda                                      
logrotate.x86_64                                     3.21.0-6.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
loupe.x86_64                                         46.2-2.fc40                         @updates                                       
low-memory-monitor.x86_64                            2.1-10.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
lpcnetfreedv.x86_64                                  0.5-5.fc40                          @anaconda                                      
lpsolve.x86_64                                       5.5.2.11-5.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
lrzsz.x86_64                                         0.12.20-64.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
lsof.x86_64                                          4.98.0-4.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
lttng-ust.x86_64                                     2.13.7-3.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
lua.x86_64                                           5.4.6-5.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
lua-libs.x86_64                                      5.4.6-5.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
lua-posix.x86_64                                     36.2.1-6.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
lua-srpm-macros.noarch                               1-13.fc40                           @fedora                                        
lua5.1-lpeg.x86_64                                   1.1.0-2.fc40                        @updates                                       
luajit.x86_64                                        2.1.1720049189-1.fc40               @updates                                       
luajit2.1-luv.x86_64                                 1.48.0.2-1.fc40                     @fedora                                        
lv2.x86_64                                           1.18.8-8.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
lvm2.x86_64                                          2.03.23-1.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
lvm2-dbusd.noarch                                    2.03.23-1.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
lvm2-libs.x86_64                                     2.03.23-1.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
lz4-libs.x86_64                                      1.9.4-6.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
lzo.x86_64                                           2.10-12.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
lzop.x86_64                                          1.04-14.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
m17n-db.noarch                                       1.8.8-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
m17n-lib.x86_64                                      1.8.4-3.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
m4.x86_64                                            1.4.19-9.fc40                       @fedora                                        
mactel-boot.x86_64                                   0.9-32.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
madan-fonts.noarch                                   2.000-38.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
mailcap.noarch                                       2.1.54-5.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
make.x86_64                                          1:4.4.1-6.fc40                      @fedora                                        
makedumpfile.x86_64                                  1.7.5-13.fc40                       @updates                                       
malcontent.x86_64                                    0.11.1-5.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
malcontent-control.x86_64                            0.11.1-5.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
malcontent-libs.x86_64                               0.11.1-5.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
malcontent-ui-libs.x86_64                            0.11.1-5.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
man-db.x86_64                                        2.12.0-6.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
man-pages.noarch                                     6.06-1.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
mariadb-connector-c.x86_64                           3.3.8-3.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
mariadb-connector-c-config.noarch                    3.3.8-3.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
mbedtls.x86_64                                       2.28.8-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
mcelog.x86_64                                        3:175-10.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
mdadm.x86_64                                         4.2-8.fc40                          @anaconda                                      
mdevctl.x86_64                                       1.3.0-5.fc40                        @updates                                       
media-player-info.noarch                             23-15.fc40                          @anaconda                                      
mediawriter.x86_64                                   5.1.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
memstrack.x86_64                                     0.2.5-4.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
mercurial.x86_64                                     6.7.4-3.fc40                        @updates                                       
mesa-dri-drivers.x86_64                              24.1.7-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
mesa-filesystem.x86_64                               24.1.7-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
mesa-libEGL.x86_64                                   24.1.7-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
mesa-libGL.x86_64                                    24.1.7-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
mesa-libGLU.x86_64                                   9.0.3-4.fc40                        @fedora                                        
mesa-libgbm.x86_64                                   24.1.7-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
mesa-libglapi.x86_64                                 24.1.7-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
mesa-va-drivers.x86_64                               24.1.7-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
mesa-vulkan-drivers.x86_64                           24.1.7-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
microcode_ctl.x86_64                                 2:2.1-61.3.fc40                     @updates                                       
minizip-ng-compat.x86_64                             3.0.10-7.fc40                       @fedora                                        
mkpasswd.x86_64                                      5.5.20-3.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
mobile-broadband-provider-info.noarch                20230416-5.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
mod_dnssd.x86_64                                     0.6-31.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
mod_http2.x86_64                                     2.0.29-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
mod_lua.x86_64                                       2.4.62-2.fc40                       @updates                                       
mokutil.x86_64                                       2:0.7.1-1.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
mozilla-filesystem.x86_64                            1.9-33.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
mozilla-openh264.x86_64                              2.4.1-2.fc40                        @fedora-cisco-openh264                         
mozjs115.x86_64                                      115.15.0-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
mpage.x86_64                                         2.5.7-19.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
mpdecimal.x86_64                                     2.5.1-9.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
mpfr.x86_64                                          4.2.1-4.fc40                        @updates                                       
mpg123-libs.x86_64                                   1.31.3-4.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
mpv.x86_64                                           0.37.0-4.fc40                       @fedora                                        
msgpack.x86_64                                       3.1.0-14.fc40                       @fedora                                        
msgraph.x86_64                                       0.2.3-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
msodbcsql17.x86_64                                   17.10.6.1-1                         @packages-microsoft-com-prod                   
mssql-tools.x86_64                                   17.10.1.1-1                         @packages-microsoft-com-prod                   
mt7xxx-firmware.noarch                               20240909-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
mtdev.x86_64                                         1.1.6-8.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
mtools.x86_64                                        4.0.44-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
mtr.x86_64                                           2:0.95-9.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
mujs.x86_64                                          1.3.3-5.fc40                        @fedora                                        
mutter.x86_64                                        46.5-1.fc40                         @updates                                       
mutter-common.noarch                                 46.5-1.fc40                         @updates                                       
mythes.x86_64                                        1.2.5-6.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
mythes-en.noarch                                     3.0-39.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
nano.x86_64                                          7.2-7.fc40                          @updates                                       
nano-default-editor.noarch                           7.2-7.fc40                          @updates                                       
nautilus.x86_64                                      46.2-1.fc40                         @updates                                       
nautilus-extensions.x86_64                           46.2-1.fc40                         @updates                                       
nbdkit.x86_64                                        1.38.4-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
nbdkit-basic-filters.x86_64                          1.38.4-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
nbdkit-basic-plugins.x86_64                          1.38.4-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
nbdkit-curl-plugin.x86_64                            1.38.4-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
nbdkit-selinux.noarch                                1.38.4-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
nbdkit-server.x86_64                                 1.38.4-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
nbdkit-ssh-plugin.x86_64                             1.38.4-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
ncurses.x86_64                                       6.4-12.20240127.fc40                @anaconda                                      
ncurses-base.noarch                                  6.4-12.20240127.fc40                @anaconda                                      
ncurses-libs.x86_64                                  6.4-12.20240127.fc40                @anaconda                                      
ndctl.x86_64                                         79-1.fc40                           @updates                                       
ndctl-libs.x86_64                                    79-1.fc40                           @updates                                       
neofetch.noarch                                      7.1.0-12.fc40                       @fedora                                        
neovim.x86_64                                        0.10.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
net-snmp-libs.x86_64                                 1:5.9.4-5.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
net-tools.x86_64                                     2.0-0.69.20160912git.fc40           @anaconda                                      
netavark.x86_64                                      2:1.12.2-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
netpbm.x86_64                                        11.02.00-6.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
netstandard-targeting-pack-2.1.x86_64                8.0.108-1.fc40                      @updates                                       
nettle.x86_64                                        3.9.1-6.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
nfs-utils.x86_64                                     1:2.7.1-0.fc40                      @updates                                       
nftables.x86_64                                      1:1.0.9-3.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
nilfs-utils.x86_64                                   2.2.9-6.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
nm-connection-editor.x86_64                          1.36.0-2.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
nmap-ncat.x86_64                                     4:7.92-2.fc40                       @updates                                       
nodejs.x86_64                                        1:20.17.0-1.fc40                    @updates                                       
nodejs-cjs-module-lexer.noarch                       1.2.3-5.fc40                        @fedora                                        
nodejs-docs.noarch                                   1:20.17.0-1.fc40                    @updates                                       
nodejs-full-i18n.x86_64                              1:20.17.0-1.fc40                    @updates                                       
nodejs-libs.x86_64                                   1:20.17.0-1.fc40                    @updates                                       
nodejs-npm.x86_64                                    1:10.8.2-1.20.17.0.1.fc40           @updates                                       
nodejs-undici.noarch                                 6.19.7-3.fc40                       @updates                                       
npth.x86_64                                          1.7-1.fc40                          @anaconda                                      
nspr.x86_64                                          4.35.0-29.fc40                      @updates                                       
nss.x86_64                                           3.104.0-1.fc40                      @updates                                       
nss-mdns.x86_64                                      0.15.1-11.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
nss-softokn.x86_64                                   3.104.0-1.fc40                      @updates                                       
nss-softokn-freebl.x86_64                            3.104.0-1.fc40                      @updates                                       
nss-sysinit.x86_64                                   3.104.0-1.fc40                      @updates                                       
nss-util.x86_64                                      3.104.0-1.fc40                      @updates                                       
ntfs-3g.x86_64                                       2:2022.10.3-5.fc40                  @anaconda                                      
ntfs-3g-libs.x86_64                                  2:2022.10.3-5.fc40                  @anaconda                                      
ntfs-3g-system-compression.x86_64                    1.0-16.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
ntfsprogs.x86_64                                     2:2022.10.3-5.fc40                  @anaconda                                      
numactl-libs.x86_64                                  2.0.16-5.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
numad.x86_64                                         0.5-44.20150602git.fc40             @anaconda                                      
nvidia-gpu-firmware.noarch                           20240909-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
nvidia-modprobe.x86_64                               3:560.35.03-1.fc40                  @rpmfusion-nonfree-updates                     
nvidia-persistenced.x86_64                           3:560.35.03-1.fc40                  @rpmfusion-nonfree-updates                     
nvidia-settings.x86_64                               3:560.35.03-1.fc40                  @rpmfusion-nonfree-updates                     
nvme-cli.x86_64                                      2.8-1.fc40                          @anaconda                                      
nxpwireless-firmware.noarch                          20240909-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
ocaml-srpm-macros.noarch                             9-3.fc40                            @fedora                                        
ocl-icd.x86_64                                       2.3.2-6.fc40                        @updates                                       
oniguruma.x86_64                                     6.9.9-3.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
open-sans-fonts.noarch                               1.10-21.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
open-vm-tools.x86_64                                 12.4.0-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
open-vm-tools-desktop.x86_64                         12.4.0-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
openal-soft.x86_64                                   1.23.1-5.fc40                       @fedora                                        
openblas.x86_64                                      0.3.26-4.fc40                       @fedora                                        
openblas-openmp.x86_64                               0.3.26-4.fc40                       @fedora                                        
openblas-srpm-macros.noarch                          2-16.fc40                           @fedora                                        
opencl-filesystem.noarch                             1.0-20.fc40                         @fedora                                        
openconnect.x86_64                                   9.12-5.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
opencore-amr.x86_64                                  0.1.6-6.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
openexr-libs.x86_64                                  3.1.13-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
openh264.x86_64                                      2.4.1-2.fc40                        @fedora-cisco-openh264                         
openjpeg2.x86_64                                     2.5.2-1.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
openldap.x86_64                                      2.6.7-1.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
openpgm.x86_64                                       5.2.122-34.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
opensc.x86_64                                        0.25.0-1.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
openssh.x86_64                                       9.6p1-1.fc40.4                      @updates                                       
openssh-clients.x86_64                               9.6p1-1.fc40.4                      @updates                                       
openssh-server.x86_64                                9.6p1-1.fc40.4                      @updates                                       
openssl.x86_64                                       1:3.2.2-3.fc40                      @updates                                       
openssl-devel.x86_64                                 1:3.2.2-3.fc40                      @updates                                       
openssl-libs.x86_64                                  1:3.2.2-3.fc40                      @updates                                       
openvpn.x86_64                                       2.6.12-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
opus.x86_64                                          1.5.1-1.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
orc.x86_64                                           0.4.39-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
orca.noarch                                          46.2-1.fc40                         @updates                                       
os-prober.x86_64                                     1.81-6.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
osinfo-db.noarch                                     20240701-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
osinfo-db-tools.x86_64                               1.11.0-5.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
ostree-libs.x86_64                                   2024.7-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
p11-kit.x86_64                                       0.25.5-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
p11-kit-server.x86_64                                0.25.5-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
p11-kit-trust.x86_64                                 0.25.5-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
package-notes-srpm-macros.noarch                     0.5-11.fc40                         @fedora                                        
paktype-naskh-basic-fonts.noarch                     6.0-12.fc40                         @updates                                       
pam.x86_64                                           1.6.1-3.fc40                        @updates                                       
pam-libs.x86_64                                      1.6.1-3.fc40                        @updates                                       
pam_afs_session.x86_64                               2.6-21.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
pam_passwdqc.x86_64                                  2.0.3-4.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
pango.x86_64                                         1.54.0-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
pangomm.x86_64                                       2.46.4-1.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
pangomm2.48.x86_64                                   2.52.0-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
paps.x86_64                                          0.8.0-9.fc40                        @updates                                       
parted.x86_64                                        3.6-4.fc40                          @anaconda                                      
passim.x86_64                                        0.1.7-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
passim-libs.x86_64                                   0.1.7-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
passt.x86_64                                         0^20240906.g6b38f07-1.fc40          @updates                                       
passt-selinux.noarch                                 0^20240906.g6b38f07-1.fc40          @updates                                       
passwdqc.x86_64                                      2.0.3-4.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
passwdqc-utils.x86_64                                2.0.3-4.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
patch.x86_64                                         2.7.6-24.fc40                       @fedora                                        
pavucontrol.x86_64                                   6.1-1.fc40                          @updates                                       
pcaudiolib.x86_64                                    1.1-15.fc40                         @updates                                       
pciutils.x86_64                                      3.13.0-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
pciutils-libs.x86_64                                 3.13.0-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
pcre.x86_64                                          8.45-1.fc40.6                       @anaconda                                      
pcre2.x86_64                                         10.44-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
pcre2-syntax.noarch                                  10.44-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
pcre2-utf16.x86_64                                   10.44-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
pcre2-utf32.x86_64                                   10.44-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
pcsc-lite.x86_64                                     2.0.3-1.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
pcsc-lite-ccid.x86_64                                1.5.5-3.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
pcsc-lite-libs.x86_64                                2.0.3-1.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
perl-AutoLoader.noarch                               5.74-506.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
perl-B.x86_64                                        1.88-506.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
perl-Carp.noarch                                     1.54-502.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
perl-Class-Struct.noarch                             0.68-506.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
perl-Clone.x86_64                                    0.46-6.fc40                         @fedora                                        
perl-Compress-Raw-Bzip2.x86_64                       2.210-1.fc40                        @fedora                                        
perl-Compress-Raw-Zlib.x86_64                        2.209-1.fc40                        @fedora                                        
perl-Data-Dump.noarch                                1.25-10.fc40                        @fedora                                        
perl-Data-Dumper.x86_64                              2.188-503.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
perl-Digest.noarch                                   1.20-502.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
perl-Digest-HMAC.noarch                              1.04-10.fc40                        @fedora                                        
perl-Digest-MD5.x86_64                               2.59-3.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
perl-Digest-SHA.x86_64                               1:6.04-503.fc40                     @fedora                                        
perl-DynaLoader.x86_64                               1.54-506.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
perl-Encode.x86_64                                   4:3.21-505.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
perl-Encode-Locale.noarch                            1.05-29.fc40                        @fedora                                        
perl-Errno.x86_64                                    1.37-506.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
perl-Error.noarch                                    1:0.17029-15.fc40                   @anaconda                                      
perl-Exporter.noarch                                 5.78-3.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
perl-Fcntl.x86_64                                    1.15-506.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
perl-File-Basename.noarch                            2.86-506.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
perl-File-Copy.noarch                                2.41-506.fc40                       @fedora                                        
perl-File-Find.noarch                                1.43-506.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
perl-File-Listing.noarch                             6.16-3.fc40                         @fedora                                        
perl-File-Path.noarch                                2.18-503.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
perl-File-Slurper.noarch                             0.014-5.fc40                        @fedora                                        
perl-File-Temp.noarch                                1:0.231.100-503.fc40                @anaconda                                      
perl-File-stat.noarch                                1.13-506.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
perl-FileHandle.noarch                               2.05-506.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
perl-Filter.x86_64                                   2:1.64-503.fc40                     @fedora                                        
perl-Getopt-Long.noarch                              1:2.57-4.fc40                       @updates                                       
perl-Getopt-Std.noarch                               1.13-506.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
perl-Git.noarch                                      2.46.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
perl-HTML-Parser.x86_64                              3.83-1.fc40                         @updates                                       
perl-HTML-Tagset.noarch                              3.24-1.fc40                         @fedora                                        
perl-HTTP-Cookies.noarch                             6.11-3.fc40                         @fedora                                        
perl-HTTP-Date.noarch                                6.06-4.fc40                         @fedora                                        
perl-HTTP-Message.noarch                             6.46-1.fc40                         @updates                                       
perl-HTTP-Negotiate.noarch                           6.01-38.fc40                        @fedora                                        
perl-HTTP-Tiny.noarch                                0.088-5.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
perl-I18N-Langinfo.x86_64                            0.22-506.fc40                       @fedora                                        
perl-IO.x86_64                                       1.52-506.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
perl-IO-Compress.noarch                              2.207-1.fc40                        @fedora                                        
perl-IO-Compress-Brotli.x86_64                       0.004001-12.fc40                    @fedora                                        
perl-IO-HTML.noarch                                  1.004-12.fc40                       @fedora                                        
perl-IO-Socket-IP.noarch                             0.42-2.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
perl-IO-Socket-SSL.noarch                            2.085-1.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
perl-IPC-Open3.noarch                                1.22-506.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
perl-LWP-MediaTypes.noarch                           6.04-17.fc40                        @fedora                                        
perl-MIME-Base64.x86_64                              3.16-503.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
perl-Module-Load.noarch                              1:0.36-503.fc40                     @fedora                                        
perl-Mozilla-CA.noarch                               20231213-3.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
perl-NDBM_File.x86_64                                1.16-506.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
perl-NKF.x86_64                                      1:2.1.4-32.fc40                     @fedora                                        
perl-NTLM.noarch                                     1.09-38.fc40                        @fedora                                        
perl-Net-HTTP.noarch                                 6.23-4.fc40                         @fedora                                        
perl-Net-SSLeay.x86_64                               1.94-3.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
perl-POSIX.x86_64                                    2.13-506.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
perl-PathTools.x86_64                                3.89-502.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
perl-PerlIO-utf8_strict.x86_64                       0.010-6.fc40                        @fedora                                        
perl-Pod-Escapes.noarch                              1:1.07-503.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
perl-Pod-Perldoc.noarch                              3.28.01-503.fc40                    @anaconda                                      
perl-Pod-Simple.noarch                               1:3.45-6.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
perl-Pod-Usage.noarch                                4:2.03-504.fc40                     @updates                                       
perl-Scalar-List-Utils.x86_64                        5:1.63-503.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
perl-SelectSaver.noarch                              1.02-506.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
perl-Socket.x86_64                                   4:2.038-1.fc40                      @updates                                       
perl-Storable.x86_64                                 1:3.32-502.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
perl-Symbol.noarch                                   1.09-506.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
perl-Term-ANSIColor.noarch                           5.01-504.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
perl-Term-Cap.noarch                                 1.18-503.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
perl-TermReadKey.x86_64                              2.38-21.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
perl-Text-ParseWords.noarch                          3.31-502.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
perl-Text-Tabs+Wrap.noarch                           2024.001-1.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
perl-Text-Unidecode.noarch                           1.30-24.fc40                        @fedora                                        
perl-Time-HiRes.x86_64                               4:1.9775-502.fc40                   @fedora                                        
perl-Time-Local.noarch                               2:1.350-5.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
perl-TimeDate.noarch                                 1:2.33-14.fc40                      @fedora                                        
perl-Try-Tiny.noarch                                 0.31-9.fc40                         @fedora                                        
perl-URI.noarch                                      5.28-1.fc40                         @updates                                       
perl-WWW-RobotRules.noarch                           6.02-39.fc40                        @fedora                                        
perl-XML-Parser.x86_64                               2.47-3.fc40                         @fedora                                        
perl-XML-XPath.noarch                                1.48-6.fc40                         @fedora                                        
perl-base.noarch                                     2.27-506.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
perl-constant.noarch                                 1.33-503.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
perl-encoding.x86_64                                 4:3.00-505.fc40                     @fedora                                        
perl-if.noarch                                       0.61.000-506.fc40                   @anaconda                                      
perl-interpreter.x86_64                              4:5.38.2-506.fc40                   @anaconda                                      
perl-lib.x86_64                                      0.65-506.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
perl-libnet.noarch                                   3.15-503.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
perl-libs.x86_64                                     4:5.38.2-506.fc40                   @anaconda                                      
perl-libwww-perl.noarch                              6.77-1.fc40                         @fedora                                        
perl-locale.noarch                                   1.10-506.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
perl-mro.x86_64                                      1.28-506.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
perl-open.noarch                                     1.13-506.fc40                       @fedora                                        
perl-overload.noarch                                 1.37-506.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
perl-overloading.noarch                              0.02-506.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
perl-parent.noarch                                   1:0.241-502.fc40                    @anaconda                                      
perl-podlators.noarch                                1:5.01-502.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
perl-srpm-macros.noarch                              1-53.fc40                           @fedora                                        
perl-subs.noarch                                     1.04-506.fc40                       @fedora                                        
perl-vars.noarch                                     1.05-506.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
pigz.x86_64                                          2.8-4.fc40                          @anaconda                                      
pinentry.x86_64                                      1.3.0-2.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
pinentry-gnome3.x86_64                               1.3.0-2.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
pinfo.x86_64                                         0.6.13-6.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
pipewire.x86_64                                      1.0.8-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
pipewire-alsa.x86_64                                 1.0.8-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
pipewire-gstreamer.x86_64                            1.0.8-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
pipewire-libs.x86_64                                 1.0.8-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
pipewire-pulseaudio.x86_64                           1.0.8-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
pipewire-utils.x86_64                                1.0.8-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
pixman.x86_64                                        0.43.4-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
pkcs11-helper.x86_64                                 1.30.0-1.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
pkcs11-provider.x86_64                               0.3-2.fc40                          @anaconda                                      
pkgconf.x86_64                                       2.1.1-2.fc40                        @updates                                       
pkgconf-m4.noarch                                    2.1.1-2.fc40                        @updates                                       
pkgconf-pkg-config.x86_64                            2.1.1-2.fc40                        @updates                                       
plocate.x86_64                                       1.1.22-2.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
plymouth.x86_64                                      24.004.60-14.fc40                   @updates                                       
plymouth-core-libs.x86_64                            24.004.60-14.fc40                   @updates                                       
plymouth-graphics-libs.x86_64                        24.004.60-14.fc40                   @updates                                       
plymouth-plugin-label.x86_64                         24.004.60-14.fc40                   @updates                                       
plymouth-plugin-two-step.x86_64                      24.004.60-14.fc40                   @updates                                       
plymouth-scripts.x86_64                              24.004.60-14.fc40                   @updates                                       
plymouth-system-theme.x86_64                         24.004.60-14.fc40                   @updates                                       
plymouth-theme-spinner.x86_64                        24.004.60-14.fc40                   @updates                                       
podman.x86_64                                        5:5.2.2-1.fc40                      @updates                                       
policycoreutils.x86_64                               3.6-3.fc40                          @anaconda                                      
policycoreutils-python-utils.noarch                  3.6-3.fc40                          @anaconda                                      
polkit.x86_64                                        124-2.fc40                          @anaconda                                      
polkit-libs.x86_64                                   124-2.fc40                          @anaconda                                      
polkit-pkla-compat.x86_64                            0.1-28.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
poppler.x86_64                                       24.02.0-2.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
poppler-cpp.x86_64                                   24.02.0-2.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
poppler-data.noarch                                  0.4.11-7.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
poppler-glib.x86_64                                  24.02.0-2.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
poppler-utils.x86_64                                 24.02.0-2.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
popt.x86_64                                          1.19-6.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
power-profiles-daemon.x86_64                         0.21-3.fc40                         @updates                                       
ppp.x86_64                                           2.5.0-7.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
pptp.x86_64                                          1.10.0-20.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
procps-ng.x86_64                                     4.0.4-3.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
protobuf.x86_64                                      3.19.6-8.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
protobuf-c.x86_64                                    1.5.0-3.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
protobuf-lite.x86_64                                 3.19.6-8.fc40                       @fedora                                        
psacct.x86_64                                        6.6.4-21.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
psmisc.x86_64                                        23.6-6.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
publicsuffix-list-dafsa.noarch                       20240107-3.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
pulseaudio-libs.x86_64                               16.1-8.fc40                         @updates                                       
pulseaudio-libs-glib2.x86_64                         16.1-8.fc40                         @updates                                       
pulseaudio-utils.x86_64                              16.1-8.fc40                         @updates                                       
pyproject-rpm-macros.noarch                          1.13.0-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
pyproject-srpm-macros.noarch                         1.13.0-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
python-pip-wheel.noarch                              23.3.2-1.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
python-pyqt6-rpm-macros.noarch                       6.7.0-5.fc40                        @updates                                       
python-rpm-macros.noarch                             3.12-8.fc40                         @updates                                       
python-srpm-macros.noarch                            3.12-8.fc40                         @updates                                       
python-unversioned-command.noarch                    3.12.6-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
python3.x86_64                                       3.12.6-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
python3-abrt.x86_64                                  2.17.6-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
python3-abrt-addon.noarch                            2.17.6-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
python3-appdirs.noarch                               1.4.4-13.fc40                       @fedora                                        
python3-argcomplete.noarch                           3.3.0-2.fc40                        @updates                                       
python3-audit.x86_64                                 4.0.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
python3-augeas.noarch                                1.1.0-12.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
python3-babel.noarch                                 2.16.0-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
python3-beaker.noarch                                1.12.1-5.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
python3-beautifulsoup4.noarch                        4.12.3-3.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
python3-blivet.noarch                                1:3.10.0-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
python3-blockdev.x86_64                              3.1.1-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
python3-boto3.noarch                                 1.35.20-1.fc40                      @updates                                       
python3-botocore.noarch                              1.35.20-1.fc40                      @updates                                       
python3-brlapi.x86_64                                0.8.5-13.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
python3-brotli.x86_64                                1.1.0-3.fc40                        @fedora                                        
python3-bytesize.x86_64                              2.11-99.fc40                        @updates                                       
python3-cairo.x86_64                                 1.25.1-3.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
python3-certifi.noarch                               2023.05.07-4.fc40                   @fedora                                        
python3-cffi.x86_64                                  1.16.0-4.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
python3-charset-normalizer.noarch                    3.3.2-3.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
python3-click.noarch                                 8.1.7-4.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
python3-click-plugins.noarch                         1.1.1-19.fc40                       @fedora                                        
python3-configobj.noarch                             5.0.8-8.fc40                        @fedora                                        
python3-contourpy.x86_64                             1.2.0-3.fc40                        @fedora                                        
python3-crypto.x86_64                                2.6.1-50.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
python3-cryptography.x86_64                          41.0.7-1.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
python3-cups.x86_64                                  2.0.4-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
python3-cycler.noarch                                0.11.0-11.fc40                      @fedora                                        
python3-dasbus.noarch                                1.7-6.fc40                          @anaconda                                      
python3-dateutil.noarch                              1:2.8.2-13.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
python3-dbus.x86_64                                  1.3.2-6.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
python3-devel.x86_64                                 3.12.6-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
python3-distro.noarch                                1.9.0-3.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
python3-dnf.noarch                                   4.21.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
python3-dnf-plugins-core.noarch                      4.9.0-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
python3-enchant.noarch                               3.2.2-12.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
python3-fb-re2.x86_64                                1.0.7-15.fc40                       @fedora                                        
python3-file-magic.noarch                            5.45-4.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
python3-firewall.noarch                              2.1.3-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
python3-fonttools.x86_64                             4.50.0-1.fc40                       @fedora                                        
python3-fs.noarch                                    2.4.16-7.fc40                       @fedora                                        
python3-gobject.x86_64                               3.48.2-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
python3-gobject-base.x86_64                          3.48.2-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
python3-hawkey.x86_64                                0.73.3-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
python3-humanize.noarch                              3.13.1-10.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
python3-idna.noarch                                  3.7-1.fc40                          @updates                                       
python3-injector.noarch                              0.21.0-3.fc40                       @fedora                                        
python3-iso639.noarch                                0.1.4-25.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
python3-jinja2.noarch                                3.1.4-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
python3-jmespath.noarch                              1.0.1-6.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
python3-kickstart.noarch                             3.52-1.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
python3-kiwisolver.x86_64                            1.4.7-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
python3-langtable.noarch                             0.0.68-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
python3-libcomps.x86_64                              0.1.20-5.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
python3-libdnf.x86_64                                0.73.3-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
python3-libmount.x86_64                              2.40.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
python3-libreport.x86_64                             2.17.15-1.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
python3-libs.x86_64                                  3.12.6-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
python3-libselinux.x86_64                            3.6-4.fc40                          @anaconda                                      
python3-libsemanage.x86_64                           3.6-3.fc40                          @anaconda                                      
python3-louis.noarch                                 3.28.0-5.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
python3-lxml.x86_64                                  5.1.0-7.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
python3-mako.noarch                                  1.2.3-6.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
python3-markupsafe.x86_64                            2.1.3-4.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
python3-matplotlib.x86_64                            3.8.4-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
python3-matplotlib-data.noarch                       3.8.4-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
python3-matplotlib-data-fonts.noarch                 3.8.4-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
python3-matplotlib-gtk3.x86_64                       3.8.4-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
python3-matplotlib-tk.x86_64                         3.8.4-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
python3-meh.noarch                                   0.51-5.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
python3-meh-gui.noarch                               0.51-5.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
python3-mutagen.noarch                               1.47.0-3.fc40                       @fedora                                        
python3-nftables.x86_64                              1:1.0.9-3.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
python3-numpy.x86_64                                 1:1.26.4-3.fc40                     @updates                                       
python3-numpy-f2py.x86_64                            1:1.26.4-3.fc40                     @updates                                       
python3-olefile.noarch                               0.47-3.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
python3-packaging.noarch                             23.2-4.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
python3-pam.noarch                                   2.0.2-8.fc40                        @fedora                                        
python3-paste.noarch                                 3.7.1-3.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
python3-peewee.x86_64                                3.17.5-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
python3-pexpect.noarch                               4.9.0-4.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
python3-pid.noarch                                   2.2.3-21.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
python3-pillow.x86_64                                10.3.0-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
python3-pillow-tk.x86_64                             10.3.0-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
python3-pip.noarch                                   23.3.2-1.fc40                       @fedora                                        
python3-platformdirs.noarch                          3.11.0-3.fc40                       @fedora                                        
python3-ply.noarch                                   3.11-23.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
python3-policycoreutils.noarch                       3.6-3.fc40                          @anaconda                                      
python3-pooch.noarch                                 1.8.2-2.fc40                        @updates                                       
python3-productmd.noarch                             1.38-3.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
python3-progressbar2.noarch                          3.53.2-11.fc40                      @fedora                                        
python3-psutil.x86_64                                5.9.8-1.fc40                        @fedora                                        
python3-ptyprocess.noarch                            0.7.0-7.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
python3-pwquality.x86_64                             1.4.5-9.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
python3-py3nvml.noarch                               0.2.7-9.fc40                        @fedora                                        
python3-pyOpenSSL.noarch                             23.2.0-3.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
python3-pyatspi.noarch                               2.46.1-3.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
python3-pycparser.noarch                             2.20-14.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
python3-pycryptodomex.x86_64                         3.20.0-1.fc40                       @fedora                                        
python3-pygit2.x86_64                                1.14.0-1.fc40                       @fedora                                        
python3-pygments.noarch                              2.17.2-3.fc40                       @fedora                                        
python3-pyparsing.noarch                             3.1.2-2.fc40                        @fedora                                        
python3-pyparted.x86_64                              1:3.13.0-5.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
python3-pyqt6.x86_64                                 6.7.0-5.fc40                        @updates                                       
python3-pyqt6-base.x86_64                            6.7.0-5.fc40                        @updates                                       
python3-pyqt6-sip.x86_64                             13.6.0-3.fc40                       @fedora                                        
python3-pyqt6-webengine.x86_64                       6.7.0-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
python3-pysocks.noarch                               1.7.1-22.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
python3-pyudev.noarch                                0.24.1-7.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
python3-pyxdg.noarch                                 0.27-11.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
python3-pyyaml.x86_64                                6.0.1-14.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
python3-reactivex.noarch                             4.0.4-5.fc40                        @fedora                                        
python3-regex.x86_64                                 2024.4.28-1.fc40                    @updates                                       
python3-requests.noarch                              2.31.0-3.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
python3-requests-file.noarch                         2.0.0-2.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
python3-requests-ftp.noarch                          0.3.1-33.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
python3-rpm.x86_64                                   4.19.1.1-1.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
python3-rpm-generators.noarch                        14-10.fc40                          @fedora                                        
python3-rpm-macros.noarch                            3.12-8.fc40                         @updates                                       
python3-rpmautospec.noarch                           0.7.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
python3-rpmautospec-core.noarch                      0.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
python3-s3transfer.noarch                            0.10.2-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
python3-satyr.x86_64                                 0.43-2.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
python3-scipy.x86_64                                 1.11.3-6.fc40                       @fedora                                        
python3-setools.x86_64                               4.5.1-2.fc40                        @updates                                       
python3-setuptools.noarch                            69.0.3-4.fc40                       @updates                                       
python3-simpleaudio.x86_64                           1.0.4-13.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
python3-simpleline.noarch                            1.9.0-10.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
python3-six.noarch                                   1.16.0-14.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
python3-soupsieve.noarch                             2.5-3.fc40                          @anaconda                                      
python3-speechd.x86_64                               0.11.5-5.fc40                       @updates                                       
python3-systemd.x86_64                               235-9.fc40                          @anaconda                                      
python3-tempita.noarch                               0.5.2-12.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
python3-tkinter.x86_64                               3.12.6-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
python3-typing-extensions.noarch                     4.12.2-2.fc40                       @updates                                       
python3-unbound.x86_64                               1.20.0-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
python3-urllib3.noarch                               1.26.20-1.fc40                      @updates                                       
python3-urllib3+socks.noarch                         1.26.20-1.fc40                      @updates                                       
python3-utils.noarch                                 3.7.0-3.fc40                        @fedora                                        
python3-websockets.x86_64                            12.0-3.fc40                         @fedora                                        
python3-xkbregistry.x86_64                           0.3-1.fc40                          @anaconda                                      
python3-xlib.noarch                                  0.33-6.fc40                         @fedora                                        
python3-xmltodict.noarch                             0.13.0-3.fc40                       @fedora                                        
qadwaitadecorations-qt5.x86_64                       0.1.5-7.fc40                        @updates                                       
qadwaitadecorations-qt6.x86_64                       0.1.5-7.fc40                        @updates                                       
qbittorrent.x86_64                                   1:4.6.5-1.fc40                      @updates                                       
qemu-audio-alsa.x86_64                               2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                       
qemu-audio-dbus.x86_64                               2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                       
qemu-audio-jack.x86_64                               2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                       
qemu-audio-oss.x86_64                                2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                       
qemu-audio-pa.x86_64                                 2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                       
qemu-audio-pipewire.x86_64                           2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                       
qemu-audio-sdl.x86_64                                2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                       
qemu-audio-spice.x86_64                              2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                       
qemu-block-blkio.x86_64                              2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                       
qemu-block-curl.x86_64                               2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                       
qemu-block-dmg.x86_64                                2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                       
qemu-block-gluster.x86_64                            2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                       
qemu-block-iscsi.x86_64                              2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                       
qemu-block-nfs.x86_64                                2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                       
qemu-block-rbd.x86_64                                2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                       
qemu-block-ssh.x86_64                                2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                       
qemu-char-baum.x86_64                                2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                       
qemu-char-spice.x86_64                               2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                       
qemu-common.x86_64                                   2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                       
qemu-device-display-qxl.x86_64                       2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                       
qemu-device-display-vhost-user-gpu.x86_64            2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                       
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu.x86_64                2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                       
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu-ccw.x86_64            2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                       
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu-gl.x86_64             2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                       
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu-pci.x86_64            2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                       
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu-pci-gl.x86_64         2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                       
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu-pci-rutabaga.x86_64   2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                       
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu-rutabaga.x86_64       2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                       
qemu-device-display-virtio-vga.x86_64                2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                       
qemu-device-display-virtio-vga-gl.x86_64             2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                       
qemu-device-display-virtio-vga-rutabaga.x86_64       2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                       
qemu-device-usb-host.x86_64                          2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                       
qemu-device-usb-redirect.x86_64                      2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                       
qemu-device-usb-smartcard.x86_64                     2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                       
qemu-guest-agent.x86_64                              2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                       
qemu-img.x86_64                                      2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                       
qemu-kvm.x86_64                                      2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                       
qemu-pr-helper.x86_64                                2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                       
qemu-system-x86.x86_64                               2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                       
qemu-system-x86-core.x86_64                          2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                       
qemu-ui-curses.x86_64                                2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                       
qemu-ui-egl-headless.x86_64                          2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                       
qemu-ui-gtk.x86_64                                   2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                       
qemu-ui-opengl.x86_64                                2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                       
qemu-ui-sdl.x86_64                                   2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                       
qemu-ui-spice-app.x86_64                             2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                       
qemu-ui-spice-core.x86_64                            2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                       
qemu-user-static.x86_64                              2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                       
qemu-user-static-aarch64.x86_64                      2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                       
qemu-user-static-alpha.x86_64                        2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                       
qemu-user-static-arm.x86_64                          2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                       
qemu-user-static-cris.x86_64                         2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                       
qemu-user-static-hexagon.x86_64                      2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                       
qemu-user-static-hppa.x86_64                         2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                       
qemu-user-static-loongarch64.x86_64                  2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                       
qemu-user-static-m68k.x86_64                         2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                       
qemu-user-static-microblaze.x86_64                   2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                       
qemu-user-static-mips.x86_64                         2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                       
qemu-user-static-nios2.x86_64                        2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                       
qemu-user-static-or1k.x86_64                         2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                       
qemu-user-static-ppc.x86_64                          2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                       
qemu-user-static-riscv.x86_64                        2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                       
qemu-user-static-s390x.x86_64                        2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                       
qemu-user-static-sh4.x86_64                          2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                       
qemu-user-static-sparc.x86_64                        2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                       
qemu-user-static-x86.x86_64                          2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                       
qemu-user-static-xtensa.x86_64                       2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                       
qpdf-libs.x86_64                                     11.9.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
qrencode-libs.x86_64                                 4.1.1-7.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
qt-settings.noarch                                   40.1-1.fc40                         @updates                                       
qt5-filesystem.x86_64                                5.15.15-1.fc40                      @updates                                       
qt5-qtbase.x86_64                                    5.15.15-1.fc40                      @updates                                       
qt5-qtbase-common.noarch                             5.15.15-1.fc40                      @updates                                       
qt5-qtbase-gui.x86_64                                5.15.15-1.fc40                      @updates                                       
qt5-qtdeclarative.x86_64                             5.15.15-1.fc40                      @updates                                       
qt5-qtsvg.x86_64                                     5.15.15-1.fc40                      @updates                                       
qt5-qttranslations.noarch                            5.15.15-1.fc40                      @updates                                       
qt5-qtwayland.x86_64                                 5.15.15-1.fc40                      @updates                                       
qt5-qtx11extras.x86_64                               5.15.15-1.fc40                      @updates                                       
qt5-qtxmlpatterns.x86_64                             5.15.15-1.fc40                      @updates                                       
qt5-srpm-macros.noarch                               5.15.15-1.fc40                      @updates                                       
qt6-filesystem.x86_64                                6.7.2-2.fc40                        @updates                                       
qt6-qtbase.x86_64                                    6.7.2-6.fc40                        @updates                                       
qt6-qtbase-common.noarch                             6.7.2-6.fc40                        @updates                                       
qt6-qtbase-gui.x86_64                                6.7.2-6.fc40                        @updates                                       
qt6-qtconnectivity.x86_64                            6.7.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
qt6-qtdeclarative.x86_64                             6.7.2-2.fc40                        @updates                                       
qt6-qtmultimedia.x86_64                              6.7.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
qt6-qtpdf.x86_64                                     6.7.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
qt6-qtpositioning.x86_64                             6.7.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
qt6-qtquick3d.x86_64                                 6.7.2-3.fc40                        @updates                                       
qt6-qtquicktimeline.x86_64                           6.7.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
qt6-qtremoteobjects.x86_64                           6.7.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
qt6-qtsensors.x86_64                                 6.7.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
qt6-qtserialport.x86_64                              6.7.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
qt6-qtshadertools.x86_64                             6.7.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
qt6-qtspeech.x86_64                                  6.7.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
qt6-qtspeech-flite.x86_64                            6.7.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
qt6-qtspeech-speechd.x86_64                          6.7.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
qt6-qtsvg.x86_64                                     6.7.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
qt6-qttools-common.noarch                            6.7.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
qt6-qttools-libs-designer.x86_64                     6.7.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
qt6-qttools-libs-help.x86_64                         6.7.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
qt6-qttranslations.noarch                            6.7.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
qt6-qtwayland.x86_64                                 6.7.2-4.fc40                        @updates                                       
qt6-qtwebchannel.x86_64                              6.7.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
qt6-qtwebengine.x86_64                               6.7.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
qt6-qtwebengine-devtools.x86_64                      6.7.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
qt6-qtwebsockets.x86_64                              6.7.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
qt6-srpm-macros.noarch                               6.7.2-2.fc40                        @updates                                       
quota.x86_64                                         1:4.09-5.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
quota-nls.noarch                                     1:4.09-5.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
qutebrowser.noarch                                   3.2.0-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
raptor2.x86_64                                       2.0.15-43.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
rasqal.x86_64                                        0.9.33-28.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
rav1e-libs.x86_64                                    0.7.1-2.fc40                        @updates                                       
rb_libtorrent.x86_64                                 2.0.10-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
re2.x86_64                                           1:20220601-19.fc40                  @updates                                       
readline.x86_64                                      8.2-8.fc40                          @anaconda                                      
realmd.x86_64                                        0.17.1-12.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
realtek-firmware.noarch                              20240909-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
redhat-menus.noarch                                  12.0.2-26.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
redhat-rpm-config.noarch                             288-1.fc40                          @updates                                       
redland.x86_64                                       1.0.17-37.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
rest.x86_64                                          0.9.1-9.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
rhythmbox.x86_64                                     3.4.7-4.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
ripgrep.x86_64                                       14.1.0-3.fc40                       @updates                                       
rit-meera-new-fonts.noarch                           1.6.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
rit-rachana-fonts.noarch                             1.5.1-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
rootfiles.noarch                                     8.1-36.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
rpcbind.x86_64                                       1.2.7-1.rc1.fc40                    @updates                                       
rpm.x86_64                                           4.19.1.1-1.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
rpm-build.x86_64                                     4.19.1.1-1.fc40                     @fedora                                        
rpm-build-libs.x86_64                                4.19.1.1-1.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
rpm-libs.x86_64                                      4.19.1.1-1.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
rpm-plugin-audit.x86_64                              4.19.1.1-1.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
rpm-plugin-selinux.x86_64                            4.19.1.1-1.fc40                     @@System                                       
rpm-plugin-systemd-inhibit.x86_64                    4.19.1.1-1.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
rpm-sequoia.x86_64                                   1.7.0-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
rpm-sign-libs.x86_64                                 4.19.1.1-1.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
rpmdevtools.noarch                                   9.6-7.fc40                          @fedora                                        
rpmfusion-free-release.noarch                        40-1                                @@commandline                                  
rpmfusion-nonfree-release.noarch                     40-1                                @@commandline                                  
rsvg-pixbuf-loader.x86_64                            2.57.1-6.fc40                       @updates                                       
rsync.x86_64                                         3.3.0-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
rtkit.x86_64                                         0.11-63.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
rubberband.x86_64                                    3.3.0-6.fc40                        @updates                                       
rust.x86_64                                          1.81.0-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
rust-srpm-macros.noarch                              26.3-1.fc40                         @updates                                       
rust-std-static.x86_64                               1.81.0-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
rutabaga-gfx-ffi.x86_64                              0.1.2-3.20230913gitc3ad0e43e.fc40   @anaconda                                      
rygel.x86_64                                         0.42.6-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
samba-client.x86_64                                  2:4.20.5-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
samba-client-libs.x86_64                             2:4.20.5-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
samba-common.noarch                                  2:4.20.5-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
samba-common-libs.x86_64                             2:4.20.5-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
sane-airscan.x86_64                                  0.99.29-1.fc40                      @updates                                       
sane-backends.x86_64                                 1.3.1-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
sane-backends-drivers-cameras.x86_64                 1.3.1-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
sane-backends-drivers-scanners.x86_64                1.3.1-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
sane-backends-libs.x86_64                            1.3.1-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
satyr.x86_64                                         0.43-2.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
schroedinger.x86_64                                  1.0.11-30.fc40                      @fedora                                        
scrub.x86_64                                         2.6.1-8.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
sdl12-compat.x86_64                                  1.2.68-2.fc40                       @fedora                                        
seabios-bin.noarch                                   1.16.3-2.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
seavgabios-bin.noarch                                1.16.3-2.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
sed.x86_64                                           4.9-1.fc40                          @anaconda                                      
selinux-policy.noarch                                40.27-1.fc40                        @@System                                       
selinux-policy-targeted.noarch                       40.27-1.fc40                        @@System                                       
serd.x86_64                                          0.30.16-3.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
setup.noarch                                         2.14.5-2.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
setxkbmap.x86_64                                     1.3.4-3.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
sg3_utils-libs.x86_64                                1.48-1.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
shadow-utils.x86_64                                  2:4.15.1-3.fc40                     @updates                                       
shadow-utils-subid.x86_64                            2:4.15.1-3.fc40                     @updates                                       
shared-mime-info.x86_64                              2.3-5.fc40                          @updates                                       
shim-ia32.x86_64                                     15.8-3                              @anaconda                                      
shim-x64.x86_64                                      15.8-3                              @anaconda                                      
sil-mingzat-fonts.noarch                             1.100-5.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
sil-nuosu-fonts.noarch                               2.200-10.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
sil-padauk-fonts.noarch                              3.003-14.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
simple-scan.x86_64                                   46.0-1.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
skopeo.x86_64                                        1:1.16.1-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
slang.x86_64                                         2.3.3-5.fc40                        @fedora                                        
slirp4netns.x86_64                                   1.2.2-2.fc40                        @fedora                                        
snappy.x86_64                                        1.1.10-4.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
snapshot.x86_64                                      46.3-3.fc40                         @updates                                       
sord.x86_64                                          0.16.14-3.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
sos.noarch                                           4.7.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
sound-theme-freedesktop.noarch                       0.8-21.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
soundtouch.x86_64                                    2.3.1-6.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
source-highlight.x86_64                              3.1.9-22.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
soxr.x86_64                                          0.1.3-15.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
speech-dispatcher.x86_64                             0.11.5-5.fc40                       @updates                                       
speech-dispatcher-espeak-ng.x86_64                   0.11.5-5.fc40                       @updates                                       
speech-dispatcher-libs.x86_64                        0.11.5-5.fc40                       @updates                                       
speech-dispatcher-utils.x86_64                       0.11.5-5.fc40                       @updates                                       
speex.x86_64                                         1.2.0-17.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
speexdsp.x86_64                                      1.2.1-6.fc40                        @fedora                                        
spice-glib.x86_64                                    0.42-4.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
spice-gtk3.x86_64                                    0.42-4.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
spice-server.x86_64                                  0.15.1-4.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
spice-vdagent.x86_64                                 0.22.1-6.fc40                       @updates                                       
spice-webdavd.x86_64                                 3.0-8.fc40                          @anaconda                                      
spirv-tools-libs.x86_64                              2024.3-2.fc40                       @updates                                       
sqlite.x86_64                                        3.45.1-2.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
sqlite-libs.x86_64                                   3.45.1-2.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
squashfs-tools.x86_64                                4.6.1-4.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
sratom.x86_64                                        0.6.14-3.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
srt-libs.x86_64                                      1.5.3-2.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
sshpass.x86_64                                       1.09-7.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
sssd-client.x86_64                                   2.9.5-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
sssd-common.x86_64                                   2.9.5-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
sssd-kcm.x86_64                                      2.9.5-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
sssd-nfs-idmap.x86_64                                2.9.5-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
stack.x86_64                                         2.9.3.1-31.fc40                     @updates                                       
startup-notification.x86_64                          0.12-29.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
stix-fonts.noarch                                    2.13b171-5.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
stoken-libs.x86_64                                   0.92-10.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
stow.noarch                                          2.4.0-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
subversion.x86_64                                    1.14.3-5.fc40                       @fedora                                        
subversion-libs.x86_64                               1.14.3-5.fc40                       @fedora                                        
sudo.x86_64                                          1.9.15-2.p5.fc40                    @anaconda                                      
sudo-python-plugin.x86_64                            1.9.15-2.p5.fc40                    @anaconda                                      
sushi.x86_64                                         46.0-1.fc40                         @updates                                       
svt-av1-libs.x86_64                                  2.1.0-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
switcheroo-control.x86_64                            2.6-5.fc40                          @anaconda                                      
swtpm.x86_64                                         0.9.0-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
swtpm-libs.x86_64                                    0.9.0-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
swtpm-selinux.noarch                                 0.9.0-1.fc40                        @@System                                       
swtpm-tools.x86_64                                   0.9.0-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
symlinks.x86_64                                      1.7-10.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
system-config-printer-libs.noarch                    1.5.18-9.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
system-config-printer-udev.x86_64                    1.5.18-9.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
systemd.x86_64                                       255.12-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
systemd-container.x86_64                             255.12-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
systemd-libs.x86_64                                  255.12-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
systemd-networkd.x86_64                              255.12-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
systemd-oomd-defaults.noarch                         255.12-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
systemd-pam.x86_64                                   255.12-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
systemd-resolved.x86_64                              255.12-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
systemd-rpm-macros.noarch                            255.12-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
systemd-udev.x86_64                                  255.12-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
taglib.x86_64                                        1.12-10.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
tar.x86_64                                           2:1.35-3.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
tcl.x86_64                                           1:8.6.13-2.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
tcpdump.x86_64                                       14:4.99.5-1.fc40                    @updates                                       
teamd.x86_64                                         1.32-7.fc40                         @updates                                       
tecla.x86_64                                         45.0-2.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
telnet.x86_64                                        1:0.17-92.fc40                      @fedora                                        
terminator.noarch                                    2.1.4-1.fc40.1                      @updates                                       
tesseract.x86_64                                     5.3.4-4.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
tesseract-langpack-eng.noarch                        4.1.0-7.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
tesseract-tessdata-doc.noarch                        4.1.0-7.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
texlive-base.x86_64                                  11:20230311-82.fc40                 @updates                                       
texlive-cm.noarch                                    11:svn57963-71.fc40                 @fedora                                        
texlive-dvipng.x86_64                                11:svn66203-82.fc40                 @updates                                       
texlive-epstopdf.noarch                              11:svn66461-82.fc40                 @updates                                       
texlive-epstopdf-pkg.noarch                          11:svn53546-71.fc40                 @fedora                                        
texlive-etex.noarch                                  11:svn66203-71.fc40                 @fedora                                        
texlive-graphics-def.noarch                          11:svn64487-71.fc40                 @fedora                                        
texlive-gsftopk.x86_64                               11:svn52851-82.fc40                 @updates                                       
texlive-hyph-utf8.noarch                             11:svn61719-71.fc40                 @fedora                                        
texlive-hyphen-base.noarch                           11:svn66413-71.fc40                 @fedora                                        
texlive-knuth-lib.noarch                             11:svn57963-71.fc40                 @fedora                                        
texlive-kpathsea.x86_64                              11:svn66209-82.fc40                 @updates                                       
texlive-lib.x86_64                                   11:20230311-82.fc40                 @updates                                       
texlive-luatex.x86_64                                11:svn66967-82.fc40                 @updates                                       
texlive-plain.noarch                                 11:svn57963-71.fc40                 @fedora                                        
texlive-tex-ini-files.noarch                         11:svn40533-71.fc40                 @fedora                                        
texlive-texlive-scripts.noarch                       11:svn66584-82.fc40                 @updates                                       
texlive-texlive.infra.noarch                         11:svn66512-82.fc40                 @updates                                       
texlive-unicode-data.noarch                          11:svn64423-71.fc40                 @fedora                                        
thermald.x86_64                                      2.5.6-1.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
thrift.x86_64                                        0.15.0-4.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
tigervnc-license.noarch                              1.14.0-4.fc40                       @updates                                       
tigervnc-server-minimal.x86_64                       1.14.0-4.fc40                       @updates                                       
time.x86_64                                          1.9-23.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
tiwilink-firmware.noarch                             20240909-1.fc40                     @updates                                       
tk.x86_64                                            1:8.6.13-3.fc40                     @fedora                                        
tmux.x86_64                                          3.4-1.fc40                          @anaconda                                      
toilet.x86_64                                        0.3-16.fc40                         @fedora                                        
toolbox.x86_64                                       0.0.99.5-11.fc40                    @updates                                       
totem.x86_64                                         1:43.0-5.fc40                       @updates                                       
totem-pl-parser.x86_64                               3.26.6-9.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
totem-video-thumbnailer.x86_64                       1:43.0-5.fc40                       @updates                                       
tpm2-tools.x86_64                                    5.7-1.fc40                          @updates                                       
tpm2-tss.x86_64                                      4.1.3-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
tpm2-tss-fapi.x86_64                                 4.1.3-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
traceroute.x86_64                                    3:2.1.6-1.fc40                      @updates                                       
tracker.x86_64                                       3.7.3-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
tracker-miners.x86_64                                3.7.3-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
tree.x86_64                                          2.1.0-5.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
tree-sitter-cli.x86_64                               0.22.5-2.fc40                       @updates                                       
tslib.x86_64                                         1.22-10.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
twolame-libs.x86_64                                  0.4.0-4.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
tzdata.noarch                                        2024a-5.fc40                        @updates                                       
tzdata-java.noarch                                   2024a-5.fc40                        @updates                                       
uchardet.x86_64                                      0.0.8-5.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
udftools.x86_64                                      2.3-8.fc40                          @anaconda                                      
udisks2.x86_64                                       2.10.1-5.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
udisks2-iscsi.x86_64                                 2.10.1-5.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
unbound-anchor.x86_64                                1.20.0-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
unbound-libs.x86_64                                  1.20.0-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
unibilium.x86_64                                     2.1.1-6.fc40                        @fedora                                        
unicode-ucd.noarch                                   16.0.0-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
unixODBC.x86_64                                      2.3.12-4.fc40                       @fedora                                        
unixODBC-devel.x86_64                                2.3.12-4.fc40                       @fedora                                        
unoconv.noarch                                       0.9.0-13.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
unzip.x86_64                                         6.0-63.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
upower.x86_64                                        1.90.5-2.fc40                       @updates                                       
upower-libs.x86_64                                   1.90.5-2.fc40                       @updates                                       
uresourced.x86_64                                    0.5.4-1.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
uriparser.x86_64                                     0.9.8-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
urw-base35-bookman-fonts.noarch                      20200910-20.fc40                    @updates                                       
urw-base35-c059-fonts.noarch                         20200910-20.fc40                    @updates                                       
urw-base35-d050000l-fonts.noarch                     20200910-20.fc40                    @updates                                       
urw-base35-fonts.noarch                              20200910-20.fc40                    @updates                                       
urw-base35-fonts-common.noarch                       20200910-20.fc40                    @updates                                       
urw-base35-gothic-fonts.noarch                       20200910-20.fc40                    @updates                                       
urw-base35-nimbus-mono-ps-fonts.noarch               20200910-20.fc40                    @updates                                       
urw-base35-nimbus-roman-fonts.noarch                 20200910-20.fc40                    @updates                                       
urw-base35-nimbus-sans-fonts.noarch                  20200910-20.fc40                    @updates                                       
urw-base35-p052-fonts.noarch                         20200910-20.fc40                    @updates                                       
urw-base35-standard-symbols-ps-fonts.noarch          20200910-20.fc40                    @updates                                       
urw-base35-z003-fonts.noarch                         20200910-20.fc40                    @updates                                       
usb_modeswitch.x86_64                                2.6.1-10.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
usb_modeswitch-data.noarch                           20191128-11.fc40                    @anaconda                                      
usbmuxd.x86_64                                       1.1.1^20230720git61b99ab-2.fc40     @anaconda                                      
usbredir.x86_64                                      0.13.0-4.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
usbutils.x86_64                                      017-2.fc40                          @anaconda                                      
usermode.x86_64                                      1.114-9.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
userspace-rcu.x86_64                                 0.14.0-4.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
utf8proc.x86_64                                      2.7.0-7.fc40                        @fedora                                        
util-linux.x86_64                                    2.40.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
util-linux-core.x86_64                               2.40.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
vamp-plugin-sdk.x86_64                               2.9.0-9.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
vapoursynth-libs.x86_64                              65-2.fc40                           @anaconda                                      
vazirmatn-vf-fonts.noarch                            33.003-5.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
vid.stab.x86_64                                      1.1.1-2.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
vim-data.noarch                                      2:9.1.719-1.fc40                    @updates                                       
vim-minimal.x86_64                                   2:9.1.719-1.fc40                    @updates                                       
virglrenderer.x86_64                                 1.0.1-2.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
virtiofsd.x86_64                                     1.10.1-1.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
virtualbox-guest-additions.x86_64                    7.1.0-2.fc40                        @updates                                       
vlc.x86_64                                           1:3.0.21-3.fc40                     @updates                                       
vlc-cli.x86_64                                       1:3.0.21-3.fc40                     @updates                                       
vlc-gui-qt.x86_64                                    1:3.0.21-3.fc40                     @updates                                       
vlc-gui-skins2.x86_64                                1:3.0.21-3.fc40                     @updates                                       
vlc-libs.x86_64                                      1:3.0.21-3.fc40                     @updates                                       
vlc-plugin-ffmpeg.x86_64                             1:3.0.21-3.fc40                     @updates                                       
vlc-plugin-gnome.x86_64                              1:3.0.21-3.fc40                     @updates                                       
vlc-plugin-lua.x86_64                                1:3.0.21-3.fc40                     @updates                                       
vlc-plugin-notify.x86_64                             1:3.0.21-3.fc40                     @updates                                       
vlc-plugin-pipewire.x86_64                           3-2.fc40                            @fedora                                        
vlc-plugin-visualization.x86_64                      1:3.0.21-3.fc40                     @updates                                       
vlc-plugins-base.x86_64                              1:3.0.21-3.fc40                     @updates                                       
vlc-plugins-freeworld.x86_64                         3.0.21-1.fc40                       @rpmfusion-free-updates                        
vlc-plugins-video-out.x86_64                         1:3.0.21-3.fc40                     @updates                                       
vo-amrwbenc.x86_64                                   0.1.3-20.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
volume_key-libs.x86_64                               0.3.12-21.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
vpnc.x86_64                                          0.5.3-47.svn550.fc40                @anaconda                                      
vpnc-script.noarch                                   20230907-2.git5b9e7e4c.fc40         @anaconda                                      
vte-profile.x86_64                                   0.76.3-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
vte291.x86_64                                        0.76.3-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
vulkan-loader.x86_64                                 1.3.290.0-1.fc40                    @updates                                       
w3m.x86_64                                           0.5.3-63.git20230121.fc40           @fedora                                        
w3m-img.x86_64                                       0.5.3-63.git20230121.fc40           @fedora                                        
wavpack.x86_64                                       5.7.0-3.fc40                        @updates                                       
webkit2gtk4.1.x86_64                                 2.44.3-2.fc40                       @updates                                       
webkitgtk6.0.x86_64                                  2.44.3-2.fc40                       @updates                                       
webp-pixbuf-loader.x86_64                            0.2.7-1.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
webrtc-audio-processing.x86_64                       1.3-1.fc40                          @anaconda                                      
wget2.x86_64                                         2.1.0-11.fc40                       @updates                                       
wget2-libs.x86_64                                    2.1.0-11.fc40                       @updates                                       
wget2-wget.x86_64                                    2.1.0-11.fc40                       @updates                                       
which.x86_64                                         2.21-41.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
whois.x86_64                                         5.5.20-3.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
whois-nls.noarch                                     5.5.20-3.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
wimlib.x86_64                                        1.14.4-1.fc40                       @fedora                                        
wimlib-utils.x86_64                                  1.14.4-1.fc40                       @fedora                                        
wireless-regdb.noarch                                2024.01.23-1.fc40                   @anaconda                                      
wireplumber.x86_64                                   0.5.5-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
wireplumber-libs.x86_64                              0.5.5-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
wl-clipboard.x86_64                                  2.2.1-2.fc40                        @fedora                                        
woff2.x86_64                                         1.0.2-19.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
words.noarch                                         3.0-45.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
wpa_supplicant.x86_64                                1:2.11-3.fc40                       @updates                                       
wsdd.noarch                                          0.8-1.fc40                          @updates                                       
wxBase.x86_64                                        3.2.4-8.fc40                        @updates                                       
wxGTK.x86_64                                         3.2.4-8.fc40                        @updates                                       
wxGTK-gl.x86_64                                      3.2.4-8.fc40                        @updates                                       
wxGTK-i18n.noarch                                    3.2.4-8.fc40                        @updates                                       
wxGTK-webview.x86_64                                 3.2.4-8.fc40                        @updates                                       
x264-libs.x86_64                                     0.164-13.20231001git31e19f92.fc40   @rpmfusion-free                                
x265-libs.x86_64                                     3.6-2.fc40                          @rpmfusion-free-updates                        
xcb-util.x86_64                                      0.4.1-5.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
xcb-util-cursor.x86_64                               0.1.4-4.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
xcb-util-image.x86_64                                0.4.1-5.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
xcb-util-keysyms.x86_64                              0.4.1-5.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
xcb-util-renderutil.x86_64                           0.3.10-5.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
xcb-util-wm.x86_64                                   0.4.2-5.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
xdg-dbus-proxy.x86_64                                0.1.5-2.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
xdg-desktop-portal.x86_64                            1.18.4-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
xdg-desktop-portal-gnome.x86_64                      46.2-1.fc40                         @updates                                       
xdg-desktop-portal-gtk.x86_64                        1.15.1-5.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
xdg-user-dirs.x86_64                                 0.18-4.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
xdg-user-dirs-gtk.x86_64                             0.11-4.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
xdg-utils.noarch                                     1.2.1-1.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
xdpyinfo.x86_64                                      1.3.3-5.fc40                        @fedora                                        
xdriinfo.x86_64                                      1.0.7-2.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
xen-libs.x86_64                                      4.18.2-5.fc40                       @updates                                       
xen-licenses.x86_64                                  4.18.2-5.fc40                       @updates                                       
xfsprogs.x86_64                                      6.5.0-3.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
xhost.x86_64                                         1.0.9-6.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
xisxwayland.x86_64                                   2-4.fc40                            @anaconda                                      
xkbcomp.x86_64                                       1.4.7-1.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
xkeyboard-config.noarch                              2.41-1.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
xml-common.noarch                                    0.6.3-63.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
xmlrpc-c.x86_64                                      1.59.03-1.fc40                      @updates                                       
xmlrpc-c-client.x86_64                               1.59.03-1.fc40                      @updates                                       
xmlsec1.x86_64                                       1:1.2.39-2.fc40                     @updates                                       
xmlsec1-nss.x86_64                                   1:1.2.39-2.fc40                     @updates                                       
xmlsec1-openssl.x86_64                               1:1.2.39-2.fc40                     @updates                                       
xmodmap.x86_64                                       1.0.11-6.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
xorg-x11-drv-libinput.x86_64                         1.4.0-2.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
xorg-x11-drv-nvidia.x86_64                           3:560.35.03-3.fc40                  @rpmfusion-nonfree-updates                     
xorg-x11-drv-nvidia-cuda.x86_64                      3:560.35.03-3.fc40                  @rpmfusion-nonfree-updates                     
xorg-x11-drv-nvidia-cuda-libs.x86_64                 3:560.35.03-3.fc40                  @rpmfusion-nonfree-updates                     
xorg-x11-drv-nvidia-kmodsrc.x86_64                   3:560.35.03-3.fc40                  @rpmfusion-nonfree-updates                     
xorg-x11-drv-nvidia-libs.x86_64                      3:560.35.03-3.fc40                  @rpmfusion-nonfree-updates                     
xorg-x11-drv-nvidia-power.x86_64                     3:560.35.03-3.fc40                  @rpmfusion-nonfree-updates                     
xorg-x11-proto-devel.noarch                          2024.1-2.fc40                       @updates                                       
xorg-x11-server-Xorg.x86_64                          1.20.14-35.fc40                     @updates                                       
xorg-x11-server-Xwayland.x86_64                      24.1.2-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
xorg-x11-server-common.x86_64                        1.20.14-35.fc40                     @updates                                       
xorg-x11-xauth.x86_64                                1:1.1.2-6.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
xorg-x11-xinit.x86_64                                1.4.2-2.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
xprop.x86_64                                         1.2.7-1.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
xrandr.x86_64                                        1.5.2-5.fc40                        @fedora                                        
xrdb.x86_64                                          1.2.2-3.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
xsel.x86_64                                          1.2.1-1.fc40                        @fedora                                        
xvidcore.x86_64                                      1.3.7-11.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
xwininfo.x86_64                                      1.1.5-8.fc40                        @fedora                                        
xxhash-libs.x86_64                                   0.8.2-2.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
xz.x86_64                                            1:5.4.6-3.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
xz-libs.x86_64                                       1:5.4.6-3.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
yajl.x86_64                                          2.1.0-23.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
yelp.x86_64                                          2:42.2-5.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
yelp-libs.x86_64                                     2:42.2-5.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
yelp-xsl.noarch                                      42.1-4.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
yt-dlp.noarch                                        2024.08.06-1.fc40                   @updates                                       
yt-dlp-bash-completion.noarch                        2024.08.06-1.fc40                   @updates                                       
yt-dlp-zsh-completion.noarch                         2024.08.06-1.fc40                   @updates                                       
yum.noarch                                           4.21.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                       
zchunk-libs.x86_64                                   1.5.1-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
zenity.x86_64                                        4.0.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
zeromq.x86_64                                        4.3.5-16.fc40                       @anaconda                                      
zfs-fuse.x86_64                                      0.7.2.2-30.fc40                     @anaconda                                      
zig-srpm-macros.noarch                               1-2.fc40                            @fedora                                        
zimg.x86_64                                          3.0.5-2.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
zip.x86_64                                           3.0-40.fc40                         @anaconda                                      
zlib-ng.x86_64                                       2.1.7-2.fc40                        @updates                                       
zlib-ng-compat.x86_64                                2.1.7-2.fc40                        @updates                                       
zlib-ng-compat-devel.x86_64                          2.1.7-2.fc40                        @updates                                       
zoxide.x86_64                                        0.9.4-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
zram-generator.x86_64                                1.1.2-11.fc40                       @updates                                       
zram-generator-defaults.noarch                       1.1.2-11.fc40                       @updates                                       
zsh.x86_64                                           5.9-14.fc40                         @updates                                       
zstd.x86_64                                          1.5.6-1.fc40                        @updates                                       
zvbi.x86_64                                          0.2.35-22.fc40                      @anaconda                                      
zxcvbn-c.x86_64                                      2.5-2.fc40                          @anaconda                                      
zxing-cpp.x86_64                                     2.0.0-6.fc40                        @anaconda                                      
zziplib.x86_64                                       0.13.72-6.fc40                      @fedora                                        
